
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.009419                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9418705608                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               522027908496                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 400851                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   512976                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 243540                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612332                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 38674.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15502562833                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19838924523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       397568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       137600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       140160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       236672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       223872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       174720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       343424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       237568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       173952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       422144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       242304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       219392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       167040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       246144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       248960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       338432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4021504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1211776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1211776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 31418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9467                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9467                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       475649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42210471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       475649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     14609226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       502829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     14881026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       448469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     25127869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       475649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23768871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       516419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     18550320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       516419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36461910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       462059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     25222999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       543599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     18468780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       475649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     44819747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       407699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     25725828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       462059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23293222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       530009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17734921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       421289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     26133527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       380519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     26432507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       502829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     35931901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               426969922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       475649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       475649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       502829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       448469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       475649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       516419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       516419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       462059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       543599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       475649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       407699                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       462059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       530009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       421289                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       380519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       502829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7596798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         128656320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              128656320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         128656320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       475649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42210471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       475649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     14609226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       502829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     14881026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       448469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     25127869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       475649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23768871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       516419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     18550320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       516419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36461910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       462059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     25222999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       543599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     18468780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       475649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     44819747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       407699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     25725828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       462059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23293222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       530009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17734921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       421289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     26133527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       380519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     26432507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       502829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     35931901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              555626242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               22586825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1758207                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1586301                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94265                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       655103                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627587                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96852                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4224                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18630275                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11057151                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1758207                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       724439                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2186386                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        295741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       437133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1071408                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94547                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     21452945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       19266559     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          78012      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160272      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          66424      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         363166      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         322821      1.50%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62858      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         131100      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1001733      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     21452945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077842                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489540                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18523693                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       545125                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2178096                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7112                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       198913                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12964984                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1463                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       198913                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18543213                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        387376                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        97810                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2167095                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        58532                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12957182                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        21405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          369                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15219677                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61025790                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61025790                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1746940                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1510                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          148582                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3054724                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14012                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        75415                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12930118                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1514                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12425539                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6666                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1009234                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2424916                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21452945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17038210     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1322182      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084951      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468226      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595208      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575220      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327093      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25553      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16302      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21452945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31367     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244723     86.40%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7169      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7798638     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108299      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977338     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540520     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12425539                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.550123                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283259                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46593948                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13941206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12317384                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12708798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22225                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120381                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          342                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10066                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       198913                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        354788                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16592                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12931638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3054724                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11212                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          342                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54433                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110368                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12337051                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2967157                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88488                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4507503                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1616275                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540346                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.546206                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12317837                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12317384                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6653243                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13114162                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.545335                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1181345                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        96100                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21254032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16992500     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1555649      7.32%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729877      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720731      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195747      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       837986      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62879      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45641      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       113022      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21254032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934343                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551996                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449671                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       113022                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           34073780                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26064535                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                410325                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1133880                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751451                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.258682                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.258682                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.442736                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.442736                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60984764                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14309499                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15431870                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               22586825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2044413                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1702537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       188093                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       773250                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         745018                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219659                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8768                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17785664                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11218844                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2044413                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       964677                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2336638                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        524968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       594005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1106638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179778                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     21051468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       18714830     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         142592      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         179877      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         287466      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         120568      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         154156      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         180964      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          83168      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1187847      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     21051468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090514                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.496699                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       17680502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       709498                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2325406                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1182                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       334872                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       310604                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          289                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13712123                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1667                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       334872                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       17698961                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         58291                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       600752                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2308086                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        50499                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13627043                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         7416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        34969                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19031543                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     63367424                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     63367424                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15881384                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3150159                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3289                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1714                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          177886                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1277616                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       666340                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7480                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       151460                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13302306                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3302                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12747992                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13908                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1640011                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3358063                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21051468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15650674     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2463664     11.70%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1005473      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       564834      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       764932      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236208      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231669      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124014      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10000      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21051468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88653     79.09%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12030     10.73%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11407     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10739484     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       173985      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1575      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1168944      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664004      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12747992                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.564399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            112090                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008793                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46673450                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14945698                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12413210                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12860082                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9451                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245380                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10271                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       334872                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         44571                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5682                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13305614                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10394                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1277616                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       666340                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1714                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4910                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110965                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106020                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       216985                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12524204                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1149187                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1813067                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1769719                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           663880                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.554492                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12413312                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12413210                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7436333                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        19986951                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.549577                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372059                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9239709                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11385465                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1920185                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       189465                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20716596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15895976     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2443620     11.80%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       887969      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       441415      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       403430      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169749      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168176      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79947      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226314      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20716596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9239709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11385465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1688305                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1032236                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1650133                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10250797                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       235130                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       226314                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           33795867                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          26946182                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                272476                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1535357                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9239709                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11385465                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9239709                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.444539                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.444539                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.409075                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.409075                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       56352858                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      17346467                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12679738                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               22586825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2046339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1703779                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187613                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775041                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         744849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219606                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8750                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17780781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11228661                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2046339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       964455                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2338480                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        524374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       604847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1106011                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179242                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     21059154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       18720674     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         142913      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         179336      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         287379      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         121044      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         154708      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         180942      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          82956      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1189202      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     21059154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090599                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.497133                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       17675856                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       720194                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2327140                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1188                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       334768                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       311279                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13724429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1597                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       334768                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       17694469                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         58232                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       611157                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2309687                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        50834                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13638826                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         7333                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        35283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19045551                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     63417979                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     63417979                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15888614                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3156937                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1727                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          180010                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1278904                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       667143                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7639                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       152234                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13310900                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3316                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12754902                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13601                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1643000                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3365051                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          137                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21059154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15656873     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2462362     11.69%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1007513      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       564724      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       765243      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236571      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231517      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124395      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9956      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21059154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88256     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12090     10.82%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11413     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10745027     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174116      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1576      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1169380      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664803      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12754902                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.564705                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111759                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008762                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46694318                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14957292                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12420121                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12866661                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9660                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246168                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10761                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       334768                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         44346                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5615                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13314221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10151                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1278904                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       667143                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1728                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4902                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109896                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106447                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       216343                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12531264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1149868                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223638                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1814548                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1771046                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           664680                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.554804                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12420248                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12420121                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7440477                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19992852                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.549883                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372157                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9243933                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11390735                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1923543                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       188996                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20724386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15901822     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2444368     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       887900      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       442300      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       403819      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169587      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168244      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79776      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226570      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20724386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9243933                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11390735                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1689118                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1032736                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1650908                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10255551                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       235248                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       226570                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           33812029                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          26963337                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                272035                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1527671                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9243933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11390735                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9243933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.443422                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.443422                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.409262                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.409262                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       56382728                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17354058                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12690786                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               22586761                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1829333                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1500648                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182455                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775534                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         716282                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187096                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8088                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17545340                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             10405793                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1829333                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       903378                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2291431                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        515083                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       587080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1082504                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181092                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     20753507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       18462076     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         247156      1.19%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         289986      1.40%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         158074      0.76%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         182963      0.88%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         100119      0.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          68188      0.33%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         175435      0.85%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1069510      5.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     20753507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.080991                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460703                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       17403227                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       732278                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2273361                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        16878                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       327760                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       295959                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         1896                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12703053                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         9921                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       327760                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       17429986                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        207248                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       450092                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2264474                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        73944                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12694057                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        18250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        35215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     17644645                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     59112404                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     59112404                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     15069214                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2575372                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3387                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1920                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          202771                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1214200                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       659921                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17485                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       145628                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12673192                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3395                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        11977316                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15362                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1578223                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3654420                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          437                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20753507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15702314     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2034748      9.80%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090894      5.26%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756574      3.65%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       659342      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       336127      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81138      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52733      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39637      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20753507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2988     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11265     43.38%     54.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11717     45.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10026769     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187216      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1466      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1107083      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       654782      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     11977316                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530280                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25970                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44749471                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14254943                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11779226                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12003286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29777                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215557                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           69                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          135                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13748                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          733                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       327760                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        165498                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11817                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12676615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3348                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1214200                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       659921                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1918                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8467                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          135                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106157                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101747                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       207904                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11800208                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1040263                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177108                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1694824                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1650746                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           654561                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522439                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11779474                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11779226                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7004192                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        18341701                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521510                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381873                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8849977                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     10857075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1819589                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2958                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       183442                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20425747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15990191     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2056652     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       862728      4.22%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       516876      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359207      1.76%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231607      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120723      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96966      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       190797      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20425747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      8849977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     10857075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1644784                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              998630                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1553755                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         9788049                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       220803                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       190797                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           32911549                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          25681178                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                270963                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1833254                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           8849977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            10857075                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      8849977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.552183                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.552183                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.391821                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.391821                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       53237084                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      16351409                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      11855646                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         2954                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               22586825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1834723                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1503943                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182170                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       773019                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         716893                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187818                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8087                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17556141                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10435619                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1834723                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       904711                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2295666                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        515341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       566677                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1083238                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180792                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     20748741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       18453075     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         247839      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         287095      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         158392      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         183844      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         100294      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          68173      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         178306      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1071723      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     20748741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081230                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462022                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       17414206                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       711656                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2277543                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        16989                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       328344                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       298092                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1914                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12741083                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        10002                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       328344                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       17440578                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        219068                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       417337                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2269206                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        74205                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12732747                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        18569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        35223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     17692545                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     59288345                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     59288345                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15099986                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2592559                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3315                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1843                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          201777                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1218659                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       662757                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17447                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       146804                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12713449                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3317                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12013539                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16784                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1593061                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3683453                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          352                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20748741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15686762     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2035156      9.81%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1093971      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       758734      3.66%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661971      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338487      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81273      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52814      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39573      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20748741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3017     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11609     44.08%     55.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11713     44.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10056001     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187802      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1469      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1110686      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657581      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12013539                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531883                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26339                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002192                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44818942                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14309960                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11813409                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12039878                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30296                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       218035                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           77                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          135                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15296                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          735                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       328344                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        176133                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12116                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12716784                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1218659                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662757                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1837                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8560                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          135                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105352                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102360                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       207712                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11835842                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1043559                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1700923                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1655759                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           657364                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.524015                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             11813650                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            11813409                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7021470                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        18395241                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523022                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381700                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8868027                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     10879086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1837825                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2965                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       183085                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20420397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15976179     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2060685     10.09%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       864480      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       518467      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       358883      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       232003      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       121008      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        97091      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191601      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20420397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      8868027                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     10879086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1648085                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1000624                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1556840                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         9807904                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       221229                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       191601                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           32945642                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          25762180                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                271212                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1838084                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           8868027                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            10879086                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      8868027                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.546996                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.546996                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392619                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392619                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       53389576                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16395573                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      11889652                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         2960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               22586825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1863307                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524580                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183234                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763946                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         731668                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191601                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8320                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17919536                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10419359                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1863307                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       923269                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2173120                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        501916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       421223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1097820                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183389                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     20830182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       18657062     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         100585      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         160206      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         217294      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         224360      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         189573      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         105901      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         158507      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1016694      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     20830182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461303                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       17736912                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       605629                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2169055                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2505                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       316078                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       306572                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12785147                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1334                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       316078                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       17785712                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        127748                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       365994                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2123454                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       111193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12780283                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        15169                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        48441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     17831604                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     59450950                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     59450950                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15425259                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2406345                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3111                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1594                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          333541                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1197188                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       647245                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7683                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       239832                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12764560                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3122                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12108602                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1814                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1434628                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3445912                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20830182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15641868     75.09%     75.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2183903     10.48%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1091397      5.24%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       781702      3.75%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       620408      2.98%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255701      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160535      0.77%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83892      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10776      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20830182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2531     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7720     38.05%     50.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10039     49.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10184679     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180954      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1516      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1096326      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645127      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12108602                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.536091                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20290                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45069490                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14202374                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11926249                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12128892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24688                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       195168                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9819                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       316078                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        102296                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12767704                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1197188                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       647245                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1595                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9449                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105986                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103705                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       209691                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11941356                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1031694                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167246                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1676773                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1696137                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           645079                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.528687                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11926371                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11926249                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6846945                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        18455876                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528018                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370990                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8991909                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11064216                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1703501                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3058                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       185344                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20514104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15920093     77.61%     77.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2304566     11.23%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       844780      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       403946      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       374542      1.83%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196869      0.96%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       150276      0.73%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78173      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       240859      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20514104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8991909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11064216                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1639446                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1002020                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1526                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1595460                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9968684                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       227799                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       240859                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           33040897                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          25851528                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                273169                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1756643                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8991909                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11064216                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8991909                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.511905                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.511905                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.398104                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.398104                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       53739139                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16614311                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      11849494                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3054                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               22586731                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1834635                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1500772                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180574                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       752412                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         720941                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187812                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7992                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17769267                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10410273                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1834635                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       908753                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2180390                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        527011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       317698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1094553                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181744                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     20609870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       18429480     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         118505      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         185404      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         296919      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         123232      0.60%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         137322      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         146169      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          95851      0.47%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1076988      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     20609870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081226                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460902                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17605801                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       482864                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2173030                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         5930                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       342242                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       300280                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12712752                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       342242                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17633925                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        154665                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       248348                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2151398                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        79289                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12703471                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         1881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        21590                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        30288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4077                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17630834                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     59091979                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     59091979                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15003581                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2627181                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3217                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1762                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          238335                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1213445                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       649999                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19233                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       147513                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12682438                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11985456                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15379                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1642545                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3671477                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          300                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20609870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15561409     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2023651      9.82%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1107460      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       754951      3.66%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       708149      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203805      0.99%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159627      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53895      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36923      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20609870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2861     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9155     39.92%     52.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10920     47.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10040486     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189561      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1450      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1107929      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       646030      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11985456                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530641                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22936                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001914                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44619097                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14328357                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11789181                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12008392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36032                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       222983                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           27                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20397                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       342242                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        107504                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10531                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12685678                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3703                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1213445                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       649999                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7687                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104255                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104045                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       208300                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11812479                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1041843                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       172977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1687513                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1660922                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           645670                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522983                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11789405                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11789181                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6895009                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        18023291                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521952                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382561                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8813667                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     10803420                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1882193                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2926                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       184115                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20267628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15880473     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2125750     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       827545      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444237      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       333646      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186181      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       115692      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102604      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251500      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20267628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8813667                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     10803420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1620041                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              990452                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1460                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1550769                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9734724                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       219482                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       251500                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           32701676                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          25713575                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                288890                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1976861                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8813667                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            10803420                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8813667                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.562694                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.562694                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390214                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390214                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       53265539                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16341045                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      11853084                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         2922                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               22586825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1832331                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1502647                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       181625                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       776702                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         717134                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187577                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8136                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17539283                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10416657                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1832331                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       904711                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2291928                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        513028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       584221                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1081587                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180283                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     20743912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       18451984     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         247352      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         287309      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         158066      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         184097      0.89%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         100531      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          68705      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         176628      0.85%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1069240      5.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     20743912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081124                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461183                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       17398051                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       728531                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2274154                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        16601                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       326572                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       296994                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         1910                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12713608                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        10071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       326572                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       17424417                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        221201                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       432767                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2265324                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        73628                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12705064                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        18581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        34967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     17659267                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     59159262                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     59159262                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15086916                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2572303                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1879                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          201032                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1214601                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       661009                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17633                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       145741                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12684406                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        11990300                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16004                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1578204                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3645511                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          395                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20743912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15688598     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2035036      9.81%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1092804      5.27%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756881      3.65%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       659483      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337788      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        80706      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53023      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39593      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20743912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2979     11.57%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11058     42.96%     54.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11706     45.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10036418     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187534      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1468      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1108996      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       655884      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     11990300                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530854                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25743                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44766256                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14266102                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11792495                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12016043                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30407                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       214827                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           74                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14105                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          734                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       326572                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        179569                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11886                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12687782                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4084                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1214601                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661009                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1878                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8560                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105394                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101515                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       206909                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11814184                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1042107                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       176113                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1697790                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1653167                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           655683                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523056                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             11792776                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            11792495                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7010323                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        18355166                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522096                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381926                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8860349                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     10869729                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1818200                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2962                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       182553                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20417340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15976825     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2058710     10.08%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       863491      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       518249      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359242      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       232279      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120335      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96755      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191454      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20417340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8860349                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     10869729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1646671                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              999771                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1555549                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         9799437                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       221043                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       191454                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           32913750                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          25702481                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                270372                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1842913                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8860349                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            10869729                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8860349                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.549203                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.549203                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.392280                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.392280                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       53299024                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16369313                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      11868518                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         2958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               22586825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1862213                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1523932                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183983                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       760053                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         729576                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191139                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8300                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17917333                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10413209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1862213                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       920715                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2171263                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        504567                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       420283                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1098145                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184013                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     20827091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       18655828     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         100563      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         159838      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         216516      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         224176      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         189272      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         105406      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         158358      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1017134      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     20827091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082447                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461030                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       17735728                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       603687                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2167116                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2571                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       317986                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       306145                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12779213                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1334                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       317986                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       17784300                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        126683                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       365776                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2121791                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       110552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12774526                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        14937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        48211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     17823621                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     59424977                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     59424977                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15402386                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2421230                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3139                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1624                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          332915                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1197839                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       646527                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7515                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       214336                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12758730                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3150                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12097914                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1443513                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3473092                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           96                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20827091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15663611     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2157583     10.36%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1082627      5.20%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       789022      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       623965      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255195      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160460      0.77%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83608      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11020      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20827091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2489     12.21%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7865     38.59%     50.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10028     49.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10176237     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180631      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1514      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1095181      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       644351      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12097914                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.535618                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20382                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001685                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45045120                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14205452                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11913830                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12118296                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24792                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       197293                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10032                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       317986                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        101554                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11319                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12761902                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          517                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1197839                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       646527                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1625                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105965                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104685                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       210650                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11928868                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1030143                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       169042                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1674429                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1694277                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           644286                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.528134                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             11913935                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            11913830                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6840190                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        18442226                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527468                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370898                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8978615                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11047856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1714046                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3054                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       186089                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20509105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15938046     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2285474     11.14%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845775      4.12%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       402529      1.96%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       363732      1.77%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       195906      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       157319      0.77%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        77719      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242605      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20509105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8978615                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11047856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1637038                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1000546                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1524                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1593099                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         9953956                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       227467                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       242605                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           33028337                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          25841811                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                273889                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1759734                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8978615                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11047856                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8978615                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.515625                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.515625                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.397516                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.397516                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       53679868                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      16598508                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      11841421                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3050                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               22586825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1756074                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1584062                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93815                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       654829                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         626857                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96711                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4113                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18601719                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11044826                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1756074                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       723568                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2183773                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        295174                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       441025                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1069520                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94136                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     21425542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       19241769     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          77754      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         160135      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          66434      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         362735      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         322434      1.50%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          62709      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         130885      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1000687      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     21425542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.488994                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       18494987                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       549179                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2175456                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7126                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       198788                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       154448                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12949884                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1458                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       198788                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       18514564                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        390820                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        98053                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2164341                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        58970                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12941903                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        24807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        21455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          551                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     15200189                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     60953628                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     60953628                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     13452717                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        1747460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1510                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          149536                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3051108                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1542626                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14065                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        74138                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12915258                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1514                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12409295                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6811                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1013095                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2431136                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21425542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17016572     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1320488      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084063      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       467234      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       593811      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       574655      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       326812      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25668      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16239      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21425542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31463     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244420     86.36%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7136      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7787299     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108387      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          742      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2974074     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1538793     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12409295                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.549404                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283019                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022807                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46533962                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13930211                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12301670                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12692314                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22472                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120432                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          346                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10284                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       198788                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        357793                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16626                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12916784                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          131                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3051108                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1542626                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11282                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          346                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53938                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55879                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       109817                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12321502                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2963926                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87793                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            4502546                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1614133                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1538620                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.545517                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12302114                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12301670                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6644569                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        13095634                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.544639                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507388                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9985867                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11734711                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1183317                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1494                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        95658                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21226754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16971682     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1552710      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       728930      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       719814      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195619      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       836950      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62722      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45475      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112852      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21226754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9985867                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11734711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              4463011                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             2930669                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               746                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1549773                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10434740                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       113612                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       112852                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           34031904                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          26034891                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                409346                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1161283                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9985867                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11734711                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9985867                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.261879                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.261879                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.442110                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.442110                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60909206                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14289468                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      15414611                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1492                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               22586825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1702709                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1528044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135730                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1152978                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1134829                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97213                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4007                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18131200                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              9690089                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1702709                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1232042                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2161524                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        451243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       273823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1097050                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       132880                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     20881332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       18719808     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         338515      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         160534      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         333471      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          97946      0.47%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         310841      1.49%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          46110      0.22%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          74724      0.36%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         799383      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     20881332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075385                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.429015                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       17852904                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       556461                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2157152                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1748                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       313063                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       153676                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1723                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     10781111                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4206                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       313063                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       17883925                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        352897                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       111522                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2129570                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        90351                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     10764006                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        75770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     14043449                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     48687631                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     48687631                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     11330770                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2712653                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1377                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          700                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          182913                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1997735                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       300786                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2703                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        68299                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         10708430                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1381                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        10009686                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6447                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1978464                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4057310                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20881332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16482442     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1366434      6.54%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1499133      7.18%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       863825      4.14%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431561      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       108303      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124173      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2974      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2487      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20881332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16044     56.79%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6798     24.06%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5409     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7814070     78.07%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74796      0.75%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1822200     18.20%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297942      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     10009686                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.443165                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28251                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002822                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40935400                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12688306                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9754355                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     10037937                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7727                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       412843                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8161                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       313063                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        224017                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11206                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10709817                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          413                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1997735                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300786                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          699                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3647                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          242                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91201                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52196                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       143397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9886648                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1797008                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       123036                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2094923                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1507955                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           297915                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.437717                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              9756800                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             9754355                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         5915581                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        12655365                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.431860                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.467437                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7786180                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      8716950                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1993318                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1366                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       134713                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20568269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17348854     84.35%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1246735      6.06%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       819015      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254598      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       433553      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80398      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51361      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46017      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287738      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20568269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      7786180                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      8716950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1877510                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1584885                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1342279                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         7602544                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       104196                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       287738                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           30990773                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          21733886                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                408279                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1705493                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           7786180                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             8716950                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      7786180                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.900887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.900887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.344722                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.344722                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       46039730                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      12656908                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      11537356                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               22586825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1833444                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1503011                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182566                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       772922                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         715860                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187675                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8098                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17563622                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10429853                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1833444                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       903535                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2294504                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        515932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       569676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1083739                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181142                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     20758232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       18463728     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         247844      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         287779      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         157937      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         182942      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         100856      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          67823      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         177046      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1072277      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     20758232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081173                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461767                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       17420030                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       716298                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2276261                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        17113                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       328527                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       297714                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1906                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12733935                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         9977                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       328527                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       17446921                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        224989                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       414806                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2267466                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        75520                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12725366                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        19033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        35693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17683371                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     59254565                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     59254565                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15096622                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2586720                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1879                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          204843                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1218361                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       662500                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17800                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       146137                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12705458                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12009261                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16651                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1587634                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3664960                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          395                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20758232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15696299     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2036947      9.81%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1093692      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757480      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       662187      3.19%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337917      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81392      0.39%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52739      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39579      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20758232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2972     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11588     43.99%     55.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11784     44.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10052301     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187609      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1469      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1110633      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657249      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12009261                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.531693                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26344                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002194                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44819748                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14296585                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11808703                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12035605                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30719                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217958                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          134                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15181                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          735                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       328527                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        182513                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12132                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12708844                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1218361                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662500                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1880                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8436                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          134                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105557                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102615                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       208172                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11831073                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1043582                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1700615                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1655062                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           657033                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.523804                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11808976                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11808703                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7019167                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        18385761                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.522814                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381772                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8866096                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     10876679                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1832265                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2966                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       183509                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20429705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15986981     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2059746     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       864528      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517647      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359371      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231629      1.13%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       121068      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96981      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191754      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20429705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8866096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     10876679                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1647722                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1000403                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1556509                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         9805725                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       221178                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       191754                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           32946830                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          25746441                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                271470                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1828593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8866096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            10876679                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8866096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.547550                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.547550                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.392534                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.392534                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       53369965                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16390373                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      11883723                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         2962                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               22586825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1862997                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524757                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184098                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       764241                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         731112                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191736                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8301                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17928152                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             10418181                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1862997                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       922848                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2173308                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        504099                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       420104                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1098773                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184174                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     20839191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       18665883     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         100638      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         160750      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         217188      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         223471      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         190370      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         106219      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         157879      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1016793      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     20839191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082482                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461250                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       17745714                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       604319                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2169280                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2475                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       317400                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       306108                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          229                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12784670                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1342                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       317400                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       17794634                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        127418                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       365164                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2123548                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       111024                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12779732                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        14844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        48533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     17832054                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     59449763                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     59449763                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15415785                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2416269                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3158                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1641                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          333678                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1198350                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       646636                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7539                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       214079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12763993                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12104574                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1816                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1440311                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3466755                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20839191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15672701     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2160156     10.37%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1082936      5.20%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       787854      3.78%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       624378      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255871      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159942      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        84359      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10994      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20839191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2541     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7638     37.79%     50.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10033     49.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10181300     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180816      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1515      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1096663      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       644280      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12104574                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.535913                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20212                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001670                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45070367                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14207531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11920682                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12124786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24069                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       196928                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9591                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       317400                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        102410                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11229                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12767187                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          644                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1198350                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       646636                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1643                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9509                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106161                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104183                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       210344                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11935966                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1031225                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1675441                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1695014                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           644216                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.528448                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             11920805                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            11920682                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6845081                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        18449708                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.527771                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371013                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8986395                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11057499                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1709699                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3055                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       186204                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20521791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15946698     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2287492     11.15%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845433      4.12%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       404133      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       363999      1.77%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196685      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       156729      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78029      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242593      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20521791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      8986395                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11057499                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1638467                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1001422                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1524                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1594502                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9962631                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       227668                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       242593                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           33046331                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          25851811                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                273955                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1747634                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           8986395                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11057499                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      8986395                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.513447                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.513447                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.397860                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.397860                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       53716049                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16607664                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      11846927                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               22586825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1702201                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1527967                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135707                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1151829                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1134385                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97100                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3988                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18125476                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              9687565                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1702201                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1231485                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2161251                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        451013                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       270754                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1096805                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       132923                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     20872060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       18710809     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         338100      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         160967      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         334027      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          97970      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         310393      1.49%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          46084      0.22%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          74076      0.35%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         799634      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     20872060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075363                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.428903                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       17846153                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       554392                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2156843                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1807                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       312861                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       153345                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         1719                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     10778658                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         4188                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       312861                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       17877271                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        352121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       110015                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2129282                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        90506                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     10761346                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         8502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        75608                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     14041031                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     48677393                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     48677393                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     11329360                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2711671                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          698                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          183844                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1997798                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       300677                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2635                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        68407                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         10706043                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1379                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        10006863                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6559                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1977568                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4061509                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20872060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16474258     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1365868      6.54%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1499011      7.18%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       863790      4.14%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431645      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107871      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124173      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2922      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2522      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20872060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16089     56.79%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6818     24.06%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5426     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7811426     78.06%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74791      0.75%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1822037     18.21%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297931      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     10006863                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.443040                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28333                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40920678                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12685019                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9750826                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     10035196                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7632                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       413271                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8054                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       312861                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        222959                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11120                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10707430                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1997798                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300677                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          697                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3584                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          228                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91039                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52297                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       143336                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9883975                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1797196                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       122888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2095091                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1507388                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           297895                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.437599                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              9753257                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             9750826                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         5913586                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        12650192                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.431704                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.467470                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7784986                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      8715756                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1992157                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1366                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       134694                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20559199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17339779     84.34%     84.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1247008      6.07%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       818665      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254801      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       433549      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80443      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51456      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46116      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287382      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20559199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      7784986                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      8715756                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1877150                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1584527                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1342086                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         7601541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       104195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       287382                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           30979704                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          21728950                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                407924                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1714765                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           7784986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             8715756                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      7784986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.901331                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.901331                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.344669                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.344669                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       46026517                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      12652096                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      11534177                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               22586825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1701091                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1526676                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135850                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1160258                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1135142                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97056                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18127977                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              9676860                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1701091                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1232198                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2159035                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        449838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       273411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1096724                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       133001                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     20873682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.752440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       18714647     89.66%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         337955      1.62%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         160234      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         333347      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          98413      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         310928      1.49%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          46457      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          74116      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         797585      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     20873682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075313                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.428429                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17853738                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       551970                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2154668                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1768                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       311534                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       153333                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1726                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     10765605                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4237                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       311534                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17884333                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        350106                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       110671                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2127267                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        89767                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     10748237                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         8283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        75068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     14023961                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     48613356                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     48613356                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     11325904                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2698037                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1377                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          701                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          181880                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1995046                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       300117                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2777                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        67342                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         10691948                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         9997921                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6387                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1965676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4032639                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20873682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.478973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16477992     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1367091      6.55%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1498312      7.18%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       861884      4.13%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431045      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107557      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124429      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2961      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2411      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20873682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16065     56.81%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6801     24.05%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5414     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7804955     78.07%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74766      0.75%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1820236     18.21%     97.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297286      2.97%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      9997921                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.442644                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28280                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002829                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40904191                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12659038                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9742912                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     10026201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7420                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       411387                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7493                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       311534                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        223382                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10972                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10693336                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          457                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1995046                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300117                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          699                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3604                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          238                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91848                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        51696                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       143544                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9875323                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1795392                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       122598                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2092641                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1506434                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           297249                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.437216                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              9745484                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             9742912                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         5908031                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        12635916                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.431354                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.467559                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7782060                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      8712830                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1980968                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       134830                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20562148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17343485     84.35%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1246938      6.06%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       818846      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254094      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       433436      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80650      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51271      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46126      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287302      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20562148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      7782060                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      8712830                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1876278                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1583654                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1341598                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         7599103                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       104195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       287302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           30968618                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          21699410                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                407828                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1713143                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           7782060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             8712830                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      7782060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.902422                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.902422                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.344540                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.344540                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       45986672                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      12642860                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      11521770                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               22586825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1833919                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1500017                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180467                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       750745                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         719547                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187923                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8041                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17781406                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10410931                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1833919                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       907470                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2179501                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        526646                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       314194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1094885                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     20617332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       18437831     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         117747      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         184998      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         297140      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         122811      0.60%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         137174      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         146367      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          96517      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1076747      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     20617332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081194                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460929                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       17617409                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       479855                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2172357                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         5749                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       341959                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       300288                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12713326                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1630                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       341959                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       17645254                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        152525                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       247321                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2150852                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        79418                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12704975                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2262                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        21496                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        30511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3922                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     17635896                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     59101049                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     59101049                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15014999                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2620879                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3230                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1778                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          240142                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1212640                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       650638                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19159                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       146652                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12686164                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3239                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        11991969                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15270                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1638072                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3660293                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          308                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20617332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15566091     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2025577      9.82%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1106924      5.37%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       755592      3.66%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       708865      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203461      0.99%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159871      0.78%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53831      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37120      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20617332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2885     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9112     39.72%     52.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10944     47.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10046126     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189661      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1452      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1108239      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       646491      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     11991969                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530928                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22941                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001913                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44639480                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14327624                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11795781                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12014910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35808                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       221450                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           21                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20557                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          782                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       341959                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        104184                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10587                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12689423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          163                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1212640                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       650638                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1775                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7736                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104115                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104094                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       208209                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11818736                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1042019                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       173232                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1688151                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1661562                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           646132                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523258                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11795983                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11795781                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6898054                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        18031405                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522242                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382558                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8820415                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     10811604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1877831                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2931                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       184031                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20275373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15884657     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2127353     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828843      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444190      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       333987      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186130      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       115835      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102637      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251741      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20275373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8820415                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     10811604                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1621268                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              991187                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1462                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1551910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9742119                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       219644                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       251741                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           32713002                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          25720869                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                288642                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1969493                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8820415                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            10811604                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8820415                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.560744                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.560744                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390512                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390512                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       53293654                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16350820                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      11854549                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         2928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          31433                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.337810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1192514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          64198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          18.575563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           340.516257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.446806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1384.698963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.953914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   479.938488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    25.102805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   485.687649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    21.623542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   824.985909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.817066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   776.819802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.802761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   599.428625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.618184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1135.657159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    22.496446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   823.722986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    27.357022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   594.233930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.896451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1459.215752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    16.920603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   843.067428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.969410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   768.083488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.898752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   571.026395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    19.783665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   852.353590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.662209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   852.000454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.358723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1106.632616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1547.547055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           818.816483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           788.603794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1122.312986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1252.244905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           944.224446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1339.923131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1092.962706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           930.920500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1395.878446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1237.980404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1251.198919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           977.610603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1211.488829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1186.658261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1398.188494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.010392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.042258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.014647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.014822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.025177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.023707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.018293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.034658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.025138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.018135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.044532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.025728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.023440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.017426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.026012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.026001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.033772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.047227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.024988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.024066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.034250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.038215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.028815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.040891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.033355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.028409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.042599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.037780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.038184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.029834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.036972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.036214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.042669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   49174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16732                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16732                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   185                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    49359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4191                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2295                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2285                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3106                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3190                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2388                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3744                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3066                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3987                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3094                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2451                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3083                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   49359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 31414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  31420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1075                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1095                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1749                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1365                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2685                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1856                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1893                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1945                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2644                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 31420                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5335187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    471103771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5367331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    162134802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5929903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    166110133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4952882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    278514839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5375651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    262452436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6051136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    206413383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5705371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    405731022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5188628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    279431706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6246514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    205483926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5353680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    501332312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4511659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    284828936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5430222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    258450104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6164384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    195844381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4545421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    289069937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4160776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    292845759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5608973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    399897764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4745572929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       142724                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       330440                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       307946                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       132035                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        913145                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5335187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    471103771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5367331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    162134802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5929903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    166110133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4952882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    278514839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5375651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    262452436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6051136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    206413383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5705371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    405731022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5188628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    279574430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6246514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    205483926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5353680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    501332312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4511659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    285159376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5430222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    258758050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6164384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    195844381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4545421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    289201972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4160776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    292845759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5608973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    399897764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4746486074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5335187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    471103771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5367331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    162134802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5929903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    166110133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4952882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    278514839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5375651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    262452436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6051136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    206413383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5705371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    405731022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5188628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    279574430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6246514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    205483926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5353680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    501332312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4511659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    285159376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5430222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    258758050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6164384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    195844381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4545421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    289201972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4160776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    292845759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5608973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    399897764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4746486074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               80588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16732                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16732                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               191                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                80779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               80779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.426005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.320036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.325312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.355199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.418550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.363466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.384400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.391506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.411646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.389810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.031414                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.425654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.318991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.323964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.417639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.377082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.362014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.347444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.384139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.391033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.410687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.388962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.425654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.318991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.323964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.417639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.377082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.362014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.347444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.384139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.391033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.410687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.388962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152433.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151675.393110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153352.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150823.071628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160267.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151698.751598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150087.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150629.983234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153590.028571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150058.568325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159240.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151218.595604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150141.342105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151110.250279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152606.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150637.038275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156162.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151202.300221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152962.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152011.010309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150388.633333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150623.445796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159712.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150963.845794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158061.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150072.322605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 146626.483871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150400.591571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148599.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150563.372237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151593.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151247.263238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151065.541765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       142724                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       165220                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       153973                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       132035                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152190.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152433.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151675.393110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153352.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150823.071628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160267.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151698.751598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150087.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150629.983234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153590.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150058.568325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159240.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151218.595604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150141.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151110.250279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152606.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150632.774784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156162.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151202.300221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152962.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152011.010309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150388.633333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150638.867406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159712.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150967.357060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158061.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150072.322605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 146626.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150391.041082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148599.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150563.372237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151593.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151247.263238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151065.756652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152433.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151675.393110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153352.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150823.071628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160267.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151698.751598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150087.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150629.983234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153590.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150058.568325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159240.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151218.595604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150141.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151110.250279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152606.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150632.774784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156162.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151202.300221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152962.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152011.010309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150388.633333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150638.867406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159712.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150967.357060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158061.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150072.322605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 146626.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150391.041082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148599.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150563.372237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151593.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151247.263238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151065.756652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9467                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9467                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            31414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             31420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            31420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3300597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    290262791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3333408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     99538063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3774720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    102353936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3031033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    170835249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3340076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    160604309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3842233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    126927990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3492021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    249514658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3214511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    171395639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3925252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    126349735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3318688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    309364580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2762865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    174663069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3456033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    158743863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3900212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    119866505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2744160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    177116074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2530758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    179553409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3457913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    245951681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2916466031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        84275                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       214003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       191506                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        73850                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       563634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3300597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    290262791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3333408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     99538063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3774720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    102353936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3031033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    170835249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3340076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    160604309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3842233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    126927990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3492021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    249514658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3214511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    171479914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3925252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    126349735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3318688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    309364580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2762865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    174877072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3456033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    158935369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3900212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    119866505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2744160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    177189924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2530758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    179553409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3457913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    245951681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917029665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3300597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    290262791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3333408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     99538063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3774720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    102353936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3031033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    170835249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3340076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    160604309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3842233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    126927990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3492021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    249514658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3214511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    171479914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3925252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    126349735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3318688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    309364580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2762865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    174877072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3456033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    158935369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3900212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    119866505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2744160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    177189924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2530758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    179553409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3457913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    245951681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917029665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.426005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.320036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.325312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.355199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.418550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.363466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.384400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.391506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.411646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.389810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.425654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.318991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.323964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.417639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.377082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.362014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.347444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.384139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.391033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.410687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.388962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.425654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.318991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.323964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.417639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.377082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.362014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.347444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.384139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.391033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.410687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.388962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94302.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93452.283001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95240.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92593.546977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102019.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93473.914155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91849.484848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92393.320173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95430.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91826.363065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101111.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92987.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91895.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92929.109125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94544.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92396.570889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98131.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92972.579102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94819.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93803.693147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92095.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92365.451613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 101648.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92724.219042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100005.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91851.727969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 88521.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92151.963580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90384.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92315.377378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93457.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93022.572239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92839.690297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        84275                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107001.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        95753                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        73850                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93939                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94302.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93452.283001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95240.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92593.546977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102019.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93473.914155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91849.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92393.320173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95430.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91826.363065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101111.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92987.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91895.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92929.109125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94544.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92392.195043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98131.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92972.579102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94819.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93803.693147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92095.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92380.914950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 101648.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92727.753209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100005.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91851.727969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 88521.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92142.446178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90384.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92315.377378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93457.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93022.572239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92839.900223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94302.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93452.283001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95240.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92593.546977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102019.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93473.914155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91849.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92393.320173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95430.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91826.363065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101111.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92987.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91895.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92929.109125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94544.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92392.195043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98131.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92972.579102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94819.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93803.693147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92095.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92380.914950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 101648.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92727.753209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100005.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91851.727969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 88521.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92142.446178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90384.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92315.377378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93457.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93022.572239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92839.900223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              571.819889                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001079250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1728979.706390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.522695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.297194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1071360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1071360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1071360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1071360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1071360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7627235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7627235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7627235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7627235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7627235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7627235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1071408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1071408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1071408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158900.729167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158900.729167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158900.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158900.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158900.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158900.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6291258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6291258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6291258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6291258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6291258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6291258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174757.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174757.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174757.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174757.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174757.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174757.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7297                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             52045.994439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.782842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.217158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.432745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.567255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2799893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        25923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        25942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        25942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        25942                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        25942                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3080257667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3080257667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1569985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1569985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3081827652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3081827652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3081827652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3081827652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2825816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2825816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4358612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4358612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118823.348648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118823.348648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82630.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82630.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118796.841107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118796.841107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118796.841107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118796.841107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795912182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    795912182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       414797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       414797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    796326979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    796326979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    796326979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    796326979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109163.651351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109163.651351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 69132.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69132.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109130.735782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109130.735782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109130.735782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109130.735782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              487.575446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              974690152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1981077.544715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.575446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.052204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1106591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1106591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1106591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1106591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1106591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1106591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7519801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7519801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7519801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7519801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7519801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7519801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1106638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1106638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1106638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1106638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1106638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1106638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159995.765957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159995.765957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159995.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159995.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159995.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159995.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6142433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6142433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6142433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6142433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6142433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6142433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166011.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166011.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166011.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166011.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166011.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166011.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              144280266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 3626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             39790.476007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   219.170499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    36.829501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.856135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.143865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       880181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        880181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       652818                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       652818                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1685                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1685                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1532999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1532999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1532999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1532999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         8688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         8688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    920701618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    920701618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      3309085                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3309085                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    924010703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    924010703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    924010703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    924010703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       888826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       888826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       652861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       652861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1685                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1685                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1541687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1541687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1541687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1541687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000066                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106501.054714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106501.054714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 76955.465116                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76955.465116                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106354.823089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106354.823089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106354.823089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106354.823089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    326269148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    326269148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       731767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       731767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    327000915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    327000915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    327000915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    327000915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97132.821673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97132.821673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66524.272727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66524.272727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97032.912463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97032.912463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97032.912463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97032.912463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              489.284536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              974689524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1973055.716599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    34.284536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.054943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1105963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1105963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1105963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1105963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1105963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1105963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8283129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8283129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8283129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8283129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8283129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8283129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1106011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1106011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1106011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1106011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1106011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1106011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172565.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172565.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172565.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172565.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172565.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172565.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6828178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6828178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6828178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6828178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6828178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6828178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175081.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175081.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175081.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175081.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175081.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175081.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3380                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              144280915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 3636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             39681.219747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   219.046618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    36.953382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.855651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.144349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       880517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        880517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       653120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       653120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1696                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1696                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1533637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1533637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1533637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1533637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           53                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           53                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         8693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         8693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    922354515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    922354515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4859819                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4859819                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    927214334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    927214334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    927214334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    927214334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       889157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       889157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       653173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       653173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1696                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1696                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1542330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1542330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1542330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1542330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106753.994792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106753.994792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91694.698113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91694.698113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106662.180375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106662.180375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106662.180375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106662.180375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    329786317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329786317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1018585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1018585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    330804902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    330804902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    330804902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    330804902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97975.732917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97975.732917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 72756.071429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72756.071429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97871.272781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97871.272781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97871.272781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97871.272781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              511.354787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              972761803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1885197.292636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    29.354787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.047043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1082462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1082462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1082462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1082462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1082462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1082462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6742872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6742872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6742872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6742872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6742872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6742872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1082504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1082504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1082504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1082504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1082504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1082504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160544.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160544.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160544.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160544.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160544.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160544.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5591444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5591444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5591444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5591444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5591444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5591444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164454.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164454.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164454.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164454.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164454.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164454.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4954                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              153801127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             29520.369866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   226.502456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    29.497544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.884775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.115225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       759630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        759630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       642568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       642568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1558                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1558                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1477                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1477                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1402198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1402198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1402198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1402198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        17484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        17484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2162553545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2162553545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     48029838                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48029838                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2210583383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2210583383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2210583383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2210583383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       776694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       776694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       642988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       642988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1558                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1558                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1419682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1419682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1419682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1419682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 126731.923640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126731.923640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114356.757143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114356.757143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 126434.647849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126434.647849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 126434.647849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126434.647849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    507599825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507599825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1149054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1149054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    508748879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    508748879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    508748879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    508748879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102753.001012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102753.001012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 76603.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76603.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102673.840363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102673.840363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102673.840363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102673.840363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              512.209895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              972762532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1877919.945946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.209895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.048413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1083191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1083191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1083191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1083191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1083191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1083191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8120521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8120521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8120521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8120521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8120521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8120521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1083238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1083238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1083238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1083238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1083238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1083238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172777.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172777.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172777.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172777.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172777.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172777.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6425808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6425808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6425808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6425808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6425808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6425808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178494.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178494.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178494.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178494.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178494.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178494.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4939                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              153804804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             29606.314533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   226.530114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    29.469886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.884883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.115117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       762064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        762064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       643864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1502                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1502                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1405928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1405928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1405928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1405928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          425                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          425                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        17430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        17430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2142150247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2142150247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     46553801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46553801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2188704048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2188704048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2188704048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2188704048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       779069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       779069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       644289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1502                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1502                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1423358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1423358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1423358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1423358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000660                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000660                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125971.787533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125971.787533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109538.355294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109538.355294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125571.087091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125571.087091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125571.087091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125571.087091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    496892472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    496892472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1093932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1093932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    497986404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    497986404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    497986404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    497986404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100912.362307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100912.362307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 72928.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72928.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100827.374772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100827.374772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100827.374772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100827.374772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              509.260404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              971548137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1886501.236893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    34.260404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.054904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1097775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1097775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1097775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1097775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1097775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9389233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9389233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9389233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9389233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9389233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9389233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1097820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1097820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1097820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 208649.622222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 208649.622222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 208649.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 208649.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 208649.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 208649.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8411004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8411004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8411004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8411004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8411004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8411004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 210275.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210275.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 210275.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210275.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 210275.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210275.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3753                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148003210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             36917.737590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   222.477152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    33.522848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.869051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.130949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       754385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        754385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       634406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       634406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1575                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1575                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1388791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1388791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1388791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1388791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        11993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        11993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1433584120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1433584120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7071488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7071488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1440655608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1440655608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1440655608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1440655608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       766296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       766296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       634488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       634488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1575                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1575                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1400784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1400784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1400784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1400784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120357.998489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120357.998489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86237.658537                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86237.658537                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120124.706746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120124.706746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120124.706746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120124.706746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    379812296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    379812296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1030222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1030222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    380842518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    380842518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    380842518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    380842518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101608.425896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101608.425896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 68681.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68681.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101476.823341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101476.823341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101476.823341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101476.823341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              520.986881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              977198019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1847255.234405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.986881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.049658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1094504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1094504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1094504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1094504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1094504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1094504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7503674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7503674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7503674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7503674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7503674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7503674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1094553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1094553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1094553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1094553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1094553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1094553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153136.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153136.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153136.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153136.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153136.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153136.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6226044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6226044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6226044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6226044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6226044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6226044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159642.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159642.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159642.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159642.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159642.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159642.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6427                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              162699327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             24345.253180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.963002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.036998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.890480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.109520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       757967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        757967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       626553                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       626553                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1461                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1461                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1384520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1384520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1384520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1384520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        16626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16626                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        16626                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1972928761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1972928761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6773336                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6773336                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1979702097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1979702097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1979702097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1979702097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       774513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       774513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       626633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       626633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1461                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1461                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1401146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1401146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1401146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1401146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119239.016137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119239.016137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84666.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84666.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119072.663118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119072.663118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119072.663118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119072.663118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    685276837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    685276837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       923580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       923580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    686200417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    686200417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    686200417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    686200417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106824.136711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106824.136711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        65970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106735.171411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106735.171411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106735.171411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106735.171411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              512.541592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              972760883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1881549.096712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.541592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1081542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1081542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1081542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1081542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1081542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1081542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7551764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7551764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7551764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7551764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7551764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7551764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1081587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1081587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1081587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1081587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1081587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1081587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167816.977778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167816.977778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167816.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167816.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167816.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167816.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6064944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6064944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6064944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6064944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6064944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6064944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173284.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173284.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173284.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173284.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173284.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173284.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4922                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              153802835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             29703.135380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   226.516415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    29.483585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.884830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.115170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       760618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        760618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       643310                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643310                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1403928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1403928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1403928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1403928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        17453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        17453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2164662881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2164662881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     48995145                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48995145                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2213658026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2213658026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2213658026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2213658026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       777651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       777651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       643730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1534                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1534                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1421381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1421381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1421381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1421381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000652                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000652                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 127086.413491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127086.413491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 116655.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116655.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126835.387956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126835.387956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126835.387956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126835.387956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1692                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1692                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    505716046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    505716046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1217273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1217273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    506933319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    506933319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    506933319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    506933319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103081.134529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103081.134529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76079.562500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76079.562500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102993.360219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102993.360219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102993.360219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102993.360219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              509.723437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              971548460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1879203.984526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    34.723437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.055647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1098098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1098098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1098098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1098098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1098098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9271815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9271815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9271815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9271815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9271815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9271815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1098145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1098145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1098145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 197272.659574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 197272.659574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 197272.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 197272.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 197272.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 197272.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8170620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8170620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8170620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8170620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8170620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8170620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 194538.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194538.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 194538.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194538.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 194538.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194538.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 3754                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148001075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             36907.998753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   222.494370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    33.505630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.869119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.130881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       753159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        753159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       633472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       633472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1386631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1386631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1386631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1386631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        11921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        11921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1433350980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1433350980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7443162                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7443162                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1440794142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1440794142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1440794142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1440794142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       764994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       764994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       633558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       633558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1398552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1398552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1398552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1398552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121111.193916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121111.193916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86548.395349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86548.395349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120861.852361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120861.852361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120861.852361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120861.852361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    379366874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    379366874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1003231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1003231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    380370105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    380370105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    380370105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    380370105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101462.121958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101462.121958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66882.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66882.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101323.949121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101323.949121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101323.949121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101323.949121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              572.241657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001077363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1728976.447323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    30.944000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.297657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.049590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1069473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1069473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1069473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1069473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1069473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1069473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7923470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7923470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7923470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7923470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7923470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7923470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1069520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1069520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1069520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1069520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1069520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168584.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168584.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168584.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168584.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168584.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168584.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6441510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6441510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6441510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6441510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6441510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6441510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178930.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178930.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178930.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178930.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178930.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178930.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7285                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              393098108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             52128.114043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   110.786701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   145.213299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.432761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.567239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2796579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2796579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1530808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1530808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          746                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          746                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4327387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4327387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4327387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4327387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        25968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        25987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        25987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        25987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        25987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3132369322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3132369322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1544550                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1544550                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3133913872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3133913872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3133913872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3133913872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2822547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2822547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1530827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1530827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4353374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4353374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4353374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4353374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120624.203712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120624.203712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 81292.105263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81292.105263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120595.446646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120595.446646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120595.446646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120595.446646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    813398244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    813398244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       413691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       413691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    813811935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    813811935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    813811935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    813811935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111745.877730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111745.877730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 68948.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68948.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111710.629375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111710.629375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111710.629375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111710.629375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              549.777727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              888912861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1593033.801075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.448276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.329451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.037577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1097014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1097014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1097014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1097014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1097014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5659227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5659227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5659227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5659227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5659227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5659227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1097050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1097050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1097050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157200.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157200.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157200.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157200.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157200.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157200.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4985447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4985447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4985447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4985447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4985447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4985447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160820.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160820.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160820.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160820.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160820.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160820.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4987                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              199353341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             38022.761968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   184.256175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    71.743825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.719751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.280249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1649606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1649606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       291216                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291216                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1940822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1940822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1940822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1940822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           31                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           31                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        17795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        17795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1949959111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1949959111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4434109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4434109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1954393220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1954393220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1954393220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1954393220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1667370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1667370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       291247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1958617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1958617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1958617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1958617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109770.271955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109770.271955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 143035.774194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143035.774194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109828.222534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109828.222534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109828.222534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109828.222534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    512462010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    512462010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       615640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       615640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    513077650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    513077650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    513077650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    513077650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102883.358763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102883.358763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102606.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102606.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102883.025867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102883.025867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102883.025867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102883.025867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              512.983539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              972763034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1881553.257253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.983539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.049653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1083693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1083693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1083693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1083693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1083693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1083693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8494108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8494108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8494108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8494108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8494108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8494108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1083739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1083739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1083739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1083739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1083739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1083739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 184654.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184654.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 184654.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184654.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 184654.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184654.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6606287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6606287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6606287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6606287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6606287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6606287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 188751.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188751.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 188751.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188751.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 188751.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188751.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4954                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              153804166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             29520.953167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   226.531806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    29.468194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.884890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.115110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       761511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        761511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       643725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1555                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1555                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1405236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1405236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1405236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1405236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        17554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        17554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2154510541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2154510541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     47134853                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47134853                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2201645394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2201645394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2201645394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2201645394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       778644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       778644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       644146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1555                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1555                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1422790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1422790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1422790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1422790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125752.089010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125752.089010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111959.270784                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111959.270784                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125421.293950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125421.293950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125421.293950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125421.293950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12600                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12600                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    495913246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    495913246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1378248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1378248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    497291494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    497291494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    497291494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    497291494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100427.955853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100427.955853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86140.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86140.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100381.811465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100381.811465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100381.811465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100381.811465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              510.247995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              971549088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1882847.069767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    35.247995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.056487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1098726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1098726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1098726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1098726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1098726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9682103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9682103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9682103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9682103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9682103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9682103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1098773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1098773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1098773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 206002.191489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 206002.191489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 206002.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 206002.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 206002.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 206002.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8663795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8663795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8663795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8663795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8663795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8663795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 211312.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211312.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 211312.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211312.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 211312.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211312.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3756                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148003165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             36890.120887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   222.475824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    33.524176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.869046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.130954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       754677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        754677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       634026                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       634026                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1388703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1388703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1388703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1388703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        11932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11932                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        11932                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1418297804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1418297804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7237097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7237097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1425534901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1425534901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1425534901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1425534901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       766526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       766526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       634109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       634109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1400635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1400635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1400635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1400635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119697.679467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119697.679467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 87193.939759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87193.939759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119471.580707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119471.580707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119471.580707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119471.580707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    373811282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    373811282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1072887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1072887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    374884169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    374884169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    374884169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    374884169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99922.823309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99922.823309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 71525.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71525.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99809.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99809.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99809.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99809.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              550.636223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              888912616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1590183.570662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.307188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   526.329035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.038954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.843476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1096769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1096769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1096769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1096769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1096769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1096769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5889050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5889050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5889050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5889050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5889050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5889050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1096805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1096805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1096805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1096805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1096805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1096805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163584.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163584.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163584.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163584.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163584.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163584.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5143730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5143730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5143730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5143730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5143730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5143730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160741.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160741.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160741.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160741.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160741.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160741.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5006                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              199353683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             37885.534588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   185.111918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    70.888082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.723093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.276907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1649950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1649950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       291215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1941165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1941165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1941165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1941165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        17780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        17780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1945245037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1945245037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3091301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3091301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1948336338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1948336338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1948336338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1948336338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1667700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1667700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       291245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1958945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1958945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1958945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1958945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109591.269690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109591.269690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103043.366667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103043.366667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109580.221485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109580.221485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109580.221485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109580.221485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12774                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12774                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    515994396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    515994396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       473035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       473035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    516467431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    516467431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    516467431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    516467431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103198.879200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103198.879200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 78839.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78839.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103169.682581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103169.682581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103169.682581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103169.682581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              549.924449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              888912536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1598763.553957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.595315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.329134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.037813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1096689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1096689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1096689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1096689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1096689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1096689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5327641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5327641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5327641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5327641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5327641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5327641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1096724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1096724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1096724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1096724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1096724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1096724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152218.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152218.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152218.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152218.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152218.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152218.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4604029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4604029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4604029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4604029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4604029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4604029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158759.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158759.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158759.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158759.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158759.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158759.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4974                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              199351943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5230                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             38117.006310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   184.278020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    71.721980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.719836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.280164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1648207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1648207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       291215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          688                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          688                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1939422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1939422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1939422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1939422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        17796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        17796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1961748194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1961748194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2774079                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2774079                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1964522273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1964522273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1964522273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1964522273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1665973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1665973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       291245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1957218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1957218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1957218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1957218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110421.490150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110421.490150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92469.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92469.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110391.226849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110391.226849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110391.226849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110391.226849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    516309643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    516309643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       463890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       463890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    516773533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    516773533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    516773533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    516773533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103927.061795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103927.061795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        77315                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77315                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103894.960394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103894.960394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103894.960394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103894.960394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              519.439017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              977198350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1850754.450758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    29.439017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.047178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1094835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1094835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1094835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1094835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1094835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1094835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7741661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7741661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7741661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7741661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7741661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7741661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1094885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1094885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1094885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1094885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1094885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1094885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154833.220000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154833.220000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154833.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154833.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154833.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154833.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6227011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6227011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6227011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6227011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6227011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6227011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163868.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163868.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163868.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163868.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163868.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163868.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6438                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              162700119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             24305.365850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.914824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.085176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.890292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.109708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       758257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        758257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       627034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       627034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1385291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1385291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1385291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1385291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        16557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        16557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1957803226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1957803226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7266389                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7266389                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1965069615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1965069615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1965069615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1965069615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       774727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       774727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       627121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       627121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1401848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1401848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1401848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1401848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118870.869824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118870.869824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83521.712644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83521.712644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118685.125023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118685.125023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118685.125023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118685.125023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    683590295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    683590295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1005108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    684595403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    684595403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    684595403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    684595403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106428.506150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106428.506150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 67007.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67007.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106336.657813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106336.657813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106336.657813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106336.657813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
