
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001501                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1500732543                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               399084455688                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 372893                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   485452                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  47682                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67760044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31473.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11736395902                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15279037363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        88448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        62080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        86912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        61312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        60928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        87040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        30336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               682368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           39424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       264832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            264832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     41366465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17228919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2388167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     14243711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     57913051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     40854715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     40598840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     57998342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20214128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               454689947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2388167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           26269837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         176468486                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              176468486                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         176468486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     41366465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17228919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2388167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     14243711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     57913051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     40854715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     40598840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     57998342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20214128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              631158433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21607                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78866                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1999037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1221415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       243732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2288185     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13146      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20954      0.83%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31618      1.25%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13231      0.52%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15820      0.62%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16415      0.65%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11480      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128067      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.057495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.339388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1972620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       270816                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1543                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1481465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1977637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        103689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       148065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        18901                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1478590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         3028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         3288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         8214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3780                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2021451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6890679                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6890679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         352453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       150284                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4140                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        17020                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1473970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2656                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       525024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950918     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240447      9.47%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131647      5.19%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85666      3.37%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78531      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24289      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17251      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6179      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3988      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           388     11.89%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     41.32%     53.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1526     46.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132140     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25260      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136331      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81087      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.382055                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3262                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002372                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5294775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698682                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6426                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5557                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1075                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         88964                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1950                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1474296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150284                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1043                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11677                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13344                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128894                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209853                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183828                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            80959                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.376562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350162                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798812                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2028131                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.375129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.393866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22008                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1998629     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       236622      9.49%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97556      3.91%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50278      2.02%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37111      1.49%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21309      0.85%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12988      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10843      0.43%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28493      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3940638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2995720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35423                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1059964                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.598873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.598873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.277865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.277865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6150599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1844346                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1402976                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         316184                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263180                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30212                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120914                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113405                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33707                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2744620                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1734193                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            316184                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       147112                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              360576                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         84834                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       201487                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          171775                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28856                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      3361023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        3000447     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          21893      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          27658      0.82%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          44096      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          18090      0.54%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          23860      0.71%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          27911      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          12922      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         184146      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      3361023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.087856                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.481870                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2728515                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       219335                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          358862                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        54124                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        48030                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      2118962                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        54124                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2731719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles          7887                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       203372                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          355833                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         8084                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      2105373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2941753                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      9786334                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      9786334                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      2434147                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         507581                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           29384                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       198248                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       102336                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        23116                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          2054253                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1962122                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265637                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552681                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3361023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2530693     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377892     11.24%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155152      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86799      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117480      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36602      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35761      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19119      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1525      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3361023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13644     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1652893     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26631      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180447      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101910      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1962122                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.545204                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17260                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7304847                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2320414                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1908945                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979382                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40109                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        54124                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles          6002                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2054757                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198248                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102336                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17172                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17342                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        34514                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1926592                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176947                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35530                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             278829                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         272012                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           101882                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.535331                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1908987                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1908945                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         1143313                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         3071231                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.530428                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372265                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1416106                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1744781                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       309987                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        30264                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2567589     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375170     11.35%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136010      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67636      2.05%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61856      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26146      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25626      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12155      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34711      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1416106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1744781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               258544                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              158139                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           252936                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1570798                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        36008                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        34711                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            5326943                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           4163673                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 42873                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                237857                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1416106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1744781                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1416106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.541392                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.541392                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.393485                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.393485                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        8666138                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2669580                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1958404                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         240789                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14556                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        97453                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83970                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13116                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          681                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2537122                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1511049                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            240789                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        97086                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              297891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         46490                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       386405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          147396                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14422                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      3253023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.545443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2955132     90.84%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          10508      0.32%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          21548      0.66%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           9046      0.28%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          48668      1.50%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          43912      1.35%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           8180      0.25%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          17947      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         138082      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      3253023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.066907                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.419866                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2511358                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       412634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          296637                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          995                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        31396                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        21263                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1770928                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        31396                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2515328                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        367292                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        32804                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          293933                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12267                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1768990                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         5870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          192                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2085647                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      8325120                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      8325120                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1807651                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         277978                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           29901                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       413713                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       207724                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1937                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        10185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1763372                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          212                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1680851                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1292                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       161877                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       397336                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3253023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.516704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2648547     81.42%     81.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       185134      5.69%     87.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149523      4.60%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64208      1.97%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80801      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75782      2.33%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        43326      1.33%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3639      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2063      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3253023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4220     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31994     86.06%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          962      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1058559     62.98%     62.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14700      0.87%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       400571     23.83%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206921     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1680851                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.467048                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37176                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022117                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6653191                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1925510                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1664430                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1718027                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2921                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20373                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1992                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        31396                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        358517                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3061                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1763584                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       413713                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       207724                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1938                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7706                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         9054                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        16760                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1667801                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       399096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13048                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             605966                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         218046                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           206870                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.463422                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1664552                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1664430                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          900940                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1784543                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.462486                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.504858                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1341337                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1576389                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       187391                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        14638                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3221627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2646852     82.16%     82.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212052      6.58%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98794      3.07%     91.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96601      3.00%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26549      0.82%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110651      3.43%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8674      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6181      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15273      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3221627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1341337                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1576389                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               599058                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              393331                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           208090                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1401939                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        15273                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4970134                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3558984                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 55906                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                345857                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1341337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1576389                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1341337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.683054                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.683054                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.372710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.372710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        8236102                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1938713                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       2098542                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         269751                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       221002                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28366                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110010                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103123                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27284                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2586359                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1539688                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            269751                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       130407                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              337036                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         81532                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       223010                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          160983                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28165                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      3199014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.588958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2861978     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          35980      1.12%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          41764      1.31%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          22986      0.72%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          25807      0.81%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          14816      0.46%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          10375      0.32%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          26403      0.83%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         158905      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      3199014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.074954                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.427824                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2564207                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       245879                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          333986                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2777                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        52161                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        43756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1878507                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2441                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        52161                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2568783                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         32245                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       201460                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          332179                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12182                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1876341                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5860                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2609540                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      8732961                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      8732961                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      2195075                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         414450                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          496                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          280                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           34607                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       179728                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        96914                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2309                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        20593                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1871428                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          497                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1758457                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2518                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       252979                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       590528                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3199014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2458003     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       297960      9.31%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160819      5.03%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110531      3.46%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96576      3.02%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49261      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12205      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7845      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5814      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3199014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           426     10.86%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1784     45.50%     56.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1711     43.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1472512     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27440      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162342      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95949      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1758457                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.488612                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3921                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002230                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6722367                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2124947                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1727339                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1762378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4521                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34305                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2867                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           93                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        52161                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         27668                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1501                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1871936                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179728                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96914                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          281                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          986                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15642                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16377                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        32019                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1730980                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             248214                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         241389                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            95907                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.480977                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1727458                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1727339                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         1027655                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2691331                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.479966                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381839                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1288702                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1581157                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       290819                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        28353                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3146853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2500500     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       299902      9.53%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       126262      4.01%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        74780      2.38%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52107      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33689      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17749      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13888      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27976      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3146853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1288702                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1581157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               239470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              145423                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           226283                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1425499                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        32176                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        27976                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4990840                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3796118                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 41704                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                399866                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1288702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1581157                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1288702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.792639                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.792639                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.358084                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.358084                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7806344                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2400204                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1751720                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         316168                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30210                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120909                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113403                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33704                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2744436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1734044                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            316168                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       147107                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              360549                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         84820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       201812                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          171764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28855                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      3361125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        3000576     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          21892      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          27657      0.82%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          44092      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          18090      0.54%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          23860      0.71%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          27910      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          12922      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         184126      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      3361125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.087852                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.481829                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2728352                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       219637                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          358837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        54112                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        48029                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      2118797                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        54112                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2731553                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          7857                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       203714                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          355811                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8074                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      2105208                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2941514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      9785537                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      9785537                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      2433972                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         507440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           29349                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       198234                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       102328                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        23113                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          2054107                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1961987                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265550                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552409                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3361125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2530853     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377870     11.24%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155137      4.62%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86796      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117458      3.49%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36610      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35761      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19113      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1527      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3361125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13644     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1652788     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26623      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180433      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101902      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1961987                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.545166                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17260                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7304680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2320181                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1908809                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1454                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40099                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        54112                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          5981                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2054611                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198234                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102328                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17172                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17340                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        34512                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1926460                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176935                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             278809                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         272000                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           101874                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.535294                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1908851                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1908809                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         1143222                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         3071010                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.530390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1415996                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1744646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       309897                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        30262                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3307013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2567752     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375151     11.34%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136002      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67627      2.04%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61853      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26142      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25622      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12156      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34708      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3307013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1415996                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1744646                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               258519                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              158126                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           252923                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1570669                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        36003                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        34708                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            5326835                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           4163282                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 42866                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                237755                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1415996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1744646                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1415996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.541589                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.541589                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393455                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393455                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        8665510                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2669392                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1958231                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         255619                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22784                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161911                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154430                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          753                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2626877                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1447714                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            255619                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       171085                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              320384                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         73865                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        92768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          161237                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22198                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      3090965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.790627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2770581     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          45583      1.47%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          26379      0.85%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          44834      1.45%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          16694      0.54%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          41194      1.33%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7270      0.24%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          12503      0.40%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         125927      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      3090965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.071027                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.402268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2606033                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       114551                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          319492                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          423                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        50463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        26701                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          473                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1638704                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        50463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2608808                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         65173                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        41175                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          316832                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8511                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1635249                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         6011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2165341                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7441570                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7441570                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1718448                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         446876                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           22750                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       277006                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        51767                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          570                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        11610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1623781                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1506978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1570                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       315600                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       668341                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3090965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.111274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2434121     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215178      6.96%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207569      6.72%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123881      4.01%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69591      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18448      0.60%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21245      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          511      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          421      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3090965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2889     58.29%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1147     23.14%     81.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          920     18.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1193124     79.17%     79.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12850      0.85%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          115      0.01%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249771     16.57%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51118      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1506978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.418735                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4956                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003289                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6111445                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1939646                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1465439                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1511934                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1540                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        50463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         56988                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1119                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1624028                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          273                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277006                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51767                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          633                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13850                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24169                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1484251                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245177                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22725                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             296271                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         223235                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            51094                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.412420                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1466101                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1465439                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          883216                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2001501                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.407193                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.441277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1145644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1304937                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       319136                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22441                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3040502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2546162     83.74%     83.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199966      6.58%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122163      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39957      1.31%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62848      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13466      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8815      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7838      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39287      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3040502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1145644                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1304937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               265576                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              215603                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           198711                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1145059                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        17751                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        39287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4625275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3298655                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 59671                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                507915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1145644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1304937                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1145644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.141360                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.141360                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.318333                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.318333                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6867419                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1928687                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1706095                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         279182                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       228333                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28908                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       114484                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107843                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28175                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1290                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2677508                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1560685                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            279182                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       136018                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              324228                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         79711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       151585                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          165327                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28783                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      3205698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2881470     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          14963      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          23410      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          31794      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          33427      1.04%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          28108      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          15475      0.48%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          24020      0.75%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         153031      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      3205698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077575                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.433659                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2651910                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       179635                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          323387                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          528                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        50233                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        45828                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1912909                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        50233                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2659668                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         26360                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       135923                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          316208                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        17301                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1911310                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         7464                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2667788                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      8886653                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      8886653                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      2283646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         384085                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          459                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           53259                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       179550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        96130                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1162                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        21736                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1907858                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1801870                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          472                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       227795                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       551968                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3205698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2444554     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       311253      9.71%     85.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159078      4.96%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       120473      3.76%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        94387      2.94%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37925      1.18%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        24033      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12289      0.38%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1706      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3205698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           380     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1114     35.73%     47.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1624     52.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1516265     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26786      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          225      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162916      9.04%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95678      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1801870                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.500675                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3118                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001730                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6813027                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2136127                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1773556                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1804988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3817                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31186                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1780                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        50233                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         22122                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1745                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1908325                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96130                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1479                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        16078                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        32761                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1776198                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153539                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25671                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             249189                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         252107                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            95650                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.493542                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1773630                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1773556                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         1019081                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2746335                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.492808                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371069                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1331086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1637851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270443                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        29046                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3155465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2483865     78.72%     78.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       332836     10.55%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125916      3.99%     93.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59535      1.89%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50397      1.60%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29177      0.92%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25715      0.81%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11377      0.36%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36647      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3155465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1331086                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1637851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               242710                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              148360                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           236193                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1475678                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        33723                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        36647                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            5027099                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3866863                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 42424                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                393182                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1331086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1637851                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1331086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.703717                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.703717                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.369861                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.369861                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        7991441                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2472200                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1772994                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         316155                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263156                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30209                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120904                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113400                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33701                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2744197                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1733947                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            316155                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       147101                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              360528                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         84818                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       202022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          171751                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28853                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      3361074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.002955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        3000546     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          21891      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          27655      0.82%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          44091      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          18090      0.54%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          23858      0.71%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          27908      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          12921      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         184114      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      3361074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.087848                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.481802                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2728120                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       219841                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          358815                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        54111                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        48025                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      2118656                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        54111                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2731319                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          7854                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       203925                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          355791                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8070                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      2105075                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2941342                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      9784881                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      9784881                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      2433907                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         507435                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           29329                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       198216                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       102315                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        23107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          2053974                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1961895                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265550                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3361074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2530854     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377842     11.24%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155123      4.62%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86789      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117457      3.49%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36608      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35761      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19114      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1526      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3361074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13644     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1652727     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26623      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180415      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101889      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1961895                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.545140                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17260                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7304444                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2320048                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1908721                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1450                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40099                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        54111                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          5979                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2054478                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198216                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102315                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17172                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        34511                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1926368                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176917                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             278778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         271991                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           101861                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.535269                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1908763                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1908721                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         1143173                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         3070873                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.530365                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1415961                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1744594                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       309895                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        30261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2567727     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375139     11.34%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       135995      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67624      2.04%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61851      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26142      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25623      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12155      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34707      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1415961                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1744594                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               258505                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              158117                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           252917                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1570620                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        36002                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        34707                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            5326732                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           4163094                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 42860                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                237806                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1415961                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1744594                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1415961                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.541652                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.541652                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393445                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393445                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        8665064                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2669294                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1958107                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         316276                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263263                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30224                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120945                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113429                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2745275                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1734683                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            316276                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       147143                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              360672                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         84870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       200624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          171822                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28868                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        3000263     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          21898      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          27663      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          44111      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          18092      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          23863      0.71%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          27917      0.83%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          12924      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         184204      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      3360935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.087882                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.482006                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2729175                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       218467                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          358958                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        54148                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        48040                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      2119564                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        54148                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2732379                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          7890                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       202505                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          355929                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8080                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      2105959                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2942598                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      9789008                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      9789008                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      2434739                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         507856                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           29365                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       198303                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       102360                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        23122                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          2054811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1962639                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265746                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552881                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2530412     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377970     11.25%     86.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155180      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86824      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117511      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36611      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35776      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19126      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1525      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13650     79.06%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1653332     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26639      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180493      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101934      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1962639                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.545347                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17266                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7305800                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2321081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1909443                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979905                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40121                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        54148                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          6005                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2055315                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198303                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102360                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17177                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17351                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        34528                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1927090                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176990                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35548                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             278896                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         272080                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           101906                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.535469                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1909485                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1909443                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         1143619                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         3072012                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.530566                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372270                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1416437                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1745197                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        30276                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2567326     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375238     11.35%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136038      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67646      2.05%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61871      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26154      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25629      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12163      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34722      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1416437                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1745197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               258611                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              158182                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           252996                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1571170                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        36015                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        34722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            5327376                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           4164803                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 42888                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                237945                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1416437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1745197                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1416437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.540798                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.540798                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393577                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393577                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        8668397                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2670305                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1958949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         207911                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21799                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84301                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79271                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20715                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          930                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2013036                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1230380                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            207911                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        99986                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              252523                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         68516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       228813                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          125561                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21802                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2540297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.589012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2287774     90.06%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          13212      0.52%     90.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          21199      0.83%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          31884      1.26%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13292      0.52%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          15763      0.62%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          16390      0.65%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          11583      0.46%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         129200      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2540297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.057771                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.341879                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1986560                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       256010                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          250659                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1473                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        45594                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        33725                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          333                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1492146                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        45594                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1991581                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         90742                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       149311                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          247253                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        15804                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1488913                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         8230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1156                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2035811                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6940149                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6940149                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1679772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         356038                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          325                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           45640                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       151320                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        83852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4258                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16044                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1484123                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1385188                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2510                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225170                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       526283                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2540297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.233207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1949279     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240322      9.46%     86.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132315      5.21%     91.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87184      3.43%     94.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79127      3.11%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24467      0.96%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17405      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6173      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4025      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2540297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           373     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1360     41.39%     52.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1553     47.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1139755     82.28%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25546      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137676      9.94%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82058      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1385188                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.384894                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3286                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002372                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5316469                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1359871                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1388474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6531                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32364                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           71                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5998                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1160                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        45594                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         75210                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1840                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1484447                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           46                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151320                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          983                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           71                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11860                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13391                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25251                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1365192                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19996                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             212123                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         184949                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            81902                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.379338                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1359998                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1359871                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          804696                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2040348                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.377860                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394392                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1006644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227402                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       258245                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22210                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2494703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1996982     80.05%     80.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       237079      9.50%     89.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98395      3.94%     93.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50589      2.03%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37429      1.50%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21484      0.86%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13119      0.53%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11092      0.44%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28534      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2494703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1006644                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1227402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               196809                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              118956                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           170425                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1109692                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        28534                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3951816                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3016897                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 35765                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1058583                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1006644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1227402                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1006644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.575127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.575127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.279710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.279710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6197095                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1857602                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1413903                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         316123                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263126                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30205                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120891                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113387                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33699                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2743986                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1733785                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            316123                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       147086                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              360496                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         84805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       200785                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          171737                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28850                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      3359585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2999089     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          21889      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          27652      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          44088      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          18089      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          23855      0.71%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          27905      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          12921      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         184097      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      3359585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.087839                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.481757                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2727908                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       218603                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          358785                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        54102                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        48024                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      2118478                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        54102                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2731106                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          7854                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       202689                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          355762                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8068                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      2104890                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2941071                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      9784039                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      9784039                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      2433735                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         507336                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           29325                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       198199                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       102312                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        23107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          2053797                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1961743                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265490                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552285                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3359585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2529442     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377799     11.25%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155107      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86783      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117453      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36603      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35758      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19114      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1526      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3359585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13643     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1652592     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26623      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180401      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101886      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1961743                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.545098                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17259                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7302650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2319811                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1908575                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979002                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1450                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40093                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        54102                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          5979                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2054301                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198199                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102312                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17168                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17336                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        34504                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1926219                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176903                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             278761                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         271970                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           101858                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.535227                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1908617                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1908575                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         1143078                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         3070586                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.530325                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372267                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1415864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1744479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       309833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        30257                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3305483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2566309     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375100     11.35%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       135982      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67620      2.05%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61849      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26142      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25622      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12155      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34704      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3305483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1415864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1744479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               258491                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              158106                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           252899                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1570520                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        36001                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        34704                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            5325078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           4162731                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 42855                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                239295                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1415864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1744479                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1415864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.541826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.541826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393418                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393418                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        8664413                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       2669079                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1957934                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3598741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         240041                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216201                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14441                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93382                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83739                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13094                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          664                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2526974                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1505836                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            240041                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        96833                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              296908                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         46030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       404567                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          146749                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14291                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      3259715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.842566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2962807     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          10437      0.32%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          21457      0.66%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           9053      0.28%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          48493      1.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          43686      1.34%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           8304      0.25%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          17920      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         137558      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      3259715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.066701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.418434                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2500612                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       431402                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          295655                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          986                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        31057                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        21207                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1765192                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        31057                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2504604                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        388648                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        30442                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          292975                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        11986                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1763163                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         5684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          157                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2079291                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      8298181                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      8298181                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1803514                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         275703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           29809                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       411967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       206856                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1913                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        10199                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1757264                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1675336                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1282                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       160363                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       393987                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3259715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.513952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2657562     81.53%     81.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184045      5.65%     87.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148686      4.56%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64464      1.98%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80772      2.48%     96.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75452      2.31%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        43025      1.32%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3643      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2066      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3259715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4234     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31783     85.95%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          960      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055625     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14639      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       398880     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206092     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1675336                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.465534                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36977                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022071                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6648646                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1917887                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1659033                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1712313                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2852                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20173                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1885                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        31057                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        380102                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3261                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1757475                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       411967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       206856                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2064                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7662                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8930                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        16592                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1662307                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       397363                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13029                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             603417                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         217341                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           206054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.461913                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1659156                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1659033                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          898310                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1780885                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.461004                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.504418                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1337506                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1572099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       185552                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        14517                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3228658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2655628     82.25%     82.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       211242      6.54%     88.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98422      3.05%     91.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96324      2.98%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26729      0.83%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110300      3.42%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8649      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6181      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15183      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3228658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1337506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1572099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               596740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              391782                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           207547                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1398182                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        15302                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        15183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4971126                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3546446                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 55572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                339026                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1337506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1572099                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1337506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.690635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.690635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.371659                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.371659                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        8208214                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1932931                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       2090878                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         255153                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       224681                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22741                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161719                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154248                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16598                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          751                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2622647                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1445294                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            255153                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       170846                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              319832                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         73747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        97559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          160977                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22157                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      3090899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.789099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2771067     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          45536      1.47%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          26301      0.85%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          44786      1.45%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          16649      0.54%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          41153      1.33%     95.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           7249      0.23%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          12476      0.40%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         125682      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      3090899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070898                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.401595                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2601831                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       119313                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          318943                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          420                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        50389                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        26612                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1635693                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        50389                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2604610                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         68312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        42825                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          316279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         8481                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1632232                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         6004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2161153                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7427551                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7427551                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1714943                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         446183                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           22692                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       276710                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        51630                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          566                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        11574                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1620769                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1504101                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1576                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       315164                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       667510                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3090899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.110268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2435262     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214673      6.95%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207336      6.71%     92.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123684      4.00%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69465      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18379      0.59%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21170      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          511      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          419      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3090899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2876     58.29%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1139     23.08%     81.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          919     18.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1190702     79.16%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12810      0.85%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          115      0.01%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249493     16.59%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        50981      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1504101                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.417936                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4934                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003280                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6105611                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1936198                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1462650                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1509035                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1532                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61346                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        50389                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         60133                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1111                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1621016                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276710                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51630                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          628                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13823                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10296                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24119                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1481450                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             295877                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         222820                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            50957                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.411642                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1463313                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1462650                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          881606                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1996993                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.406418                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.441467                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1143607                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1302387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       318681                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22399                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3040510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2547221     83.78%     83.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199465      6.56%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121948      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39869      1.31%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62744      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13421      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8790      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7818      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39234      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3040510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1143607                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1302387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               265197                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              215361                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           198332                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1142745                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        17686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        39234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4622331                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3292573                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 59588                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                507981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1143607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1302387                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1143607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.146955                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.146955                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.317767                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.317767                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6854822                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1924861                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1703345                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         240467                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216600                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14530                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        98084                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83960                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13076                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          663                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2528174                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1507993                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            240467                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        97036                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              297454                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         46429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       387370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          146910                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14386                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      3244571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.545791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2947117     90.83%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          10582      0.33%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          21545      0.66%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           9025      0.28%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          48674      1.50%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          43691      1.35%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           8326      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          17884      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         137727      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      3244571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.066817                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.419017                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2500642                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       415382                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          296175                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1005                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        31364                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        21232                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1767340                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        31364                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2504740                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        369064                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        33556                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          293422                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12422                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1765311                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         6054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          182                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2081921                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      8307318                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      8307318                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1803831                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         278000                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           30661                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       412201                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       206986                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        10202                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1759454                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          212                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1676809                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1367                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       161774                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       397494                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3244571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.516805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2641452     81.41%     81.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184677      5.69%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148724      4.58%     91.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64791      2.00%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80768      2.49%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75473      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42995      1.33%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3624      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2067      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3244571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4225     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31743     85.95%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          965      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056881     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14660      0.87%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       399018     23.80%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206150     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1676809                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.465925                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36933                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022026                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6636489                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1921489                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1660335                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1713742                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2895                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20372                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2000                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        31364                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        359947                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3146                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1759666                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412201                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       206986                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1884                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7734                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8995                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        16729                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1663715                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       397509                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13094                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             603607                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         217436                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           206098                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.462287                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1660451                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1660335                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          899022                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1782982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.461348                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.504224                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1337772                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1572374                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       187499                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        14609                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3213207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2639803     82.15%     82.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       211881      6.59%     88.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98488      3.07%     91.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96229      2.99%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26461      0.82%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110058      3.43%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8710      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6180      0.19%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15397      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3213207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1337772                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1572374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               596806                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              391820                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           207559                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1398450                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        15304                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        15397                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4957683                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3551190                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 55588                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                354309                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1337772                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1572374                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1337772                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.690204                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.690204                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.371719                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.371719                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        8214369                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1934704                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       2093112                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3598800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         204824                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167108                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21510                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83167                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78158                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20421                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1985839                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1210667                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            204824                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        98579                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              248487                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         67157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       238209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          123823                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21551                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2517410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2268923     90.13%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          13041      0.52%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20827      0.83%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31570      1.25%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13031      0.52%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          15508      0.62%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          16122      0.64%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          11310      0.45%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         127078      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2517410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.056915                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.336409                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1959999                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       264726                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          246677                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1459                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        44548                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        33182                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1467718                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        44548                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1964984                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         87789                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       158509                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          243290                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        18278                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1464831                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3702                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2003903                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6827427                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6827427                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1656465                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         347385                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           45186                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       148075                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        82276                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4194                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16886                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1460337                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          319                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1364186                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2263                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       219975                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       510007                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2517410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1934359     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237846      9.45%     86.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130794      5.20%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85233      3.39%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77982      3.10%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23992      0.95%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17180      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6107      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3917      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2517410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           387     12.01%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1307     40.58%     52.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1527     47.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1123432     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25064      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          151      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       134890      9.89%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        80649      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1364186                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.379067                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3221                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002361                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5251266                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1680700                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1339532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1367407                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30852                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5571                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        44548                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         70857                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1717                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1460656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           55                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148075                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82276                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          910                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11764                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13213                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24977                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1344492                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       127712                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             208220                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         182359                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            80508                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.373595                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1339642                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1339532                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          792425                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2011126                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.372216                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394021                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       992428                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1210147                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251499                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21905                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2472862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.334202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1981881     80.15%     80.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       234330      9.48%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96696      3.91%     93.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49959      2.02%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36851      1.49%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21161      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12885      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10763      0.44%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28336      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2472862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       992428                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1210147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               193883                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              117207                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           168100                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1094047                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23601                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        28336                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3906172                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2967927                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 35311                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1081390                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            992428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1210147                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       992428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.626258                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.626258                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.275766                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.275766                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6102286                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1830364                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1390949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         255422                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       224758                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22782                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161354                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154322                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16708                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          766                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2628930                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1446245                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            255422                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       171030                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              320144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         73621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       105293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          161245                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22185                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      3105065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2784921     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          45820      1.48%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          26233      0.84%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          44657      1.44%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          16691      0.54%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          41086      1.32%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           7224      0.23%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          12593      0.41%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         125840      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      3105065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070973                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.401860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2608114                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       127040                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          319294                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        50227                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        26840                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          471                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1637341                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1776                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        50227                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2610869                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         73757                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        45226                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          316636                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         8347                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1633985                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2163137                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7436094                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7436094                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1719921                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         443216                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           22375                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       276715                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        51857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          539                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        11655                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1622881                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1507370                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       313459                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       661499                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3105065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.108556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2447431     78.82%     78.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215852      6.95%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207575      6.69%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       124080      4.00%     96.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69779      2.25%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18423      0.59%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20998      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          507      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          420      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3105065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2825     57.87%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1134     23.23%     81.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          923     18.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1193652     79.19%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12838      0.85%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249558     16.56%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51206      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1507370                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.418844                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4882                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6126199                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1936602                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1465919                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1512252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1398                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        60999                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        50227                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         65624                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1095                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1623128                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276715                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          620                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13781                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10312                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24093                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1484405                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244887                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22965                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             296067                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         223327                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            51180                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.412463                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1466536                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1465919                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          883414                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2002012                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.407326                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.441263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1146538                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1306064                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       317136                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        22440                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3054838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2559911     83.80%     83.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       200437      6.56%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122247      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39929      1.31%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62777      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13538      0.44%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8792      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7860      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39347      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3054838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1146538                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1306064                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               265785                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              215716                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           198873                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1146074                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        17774                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        39347                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4638678                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3296658                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 59371                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                493815                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1146538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1306064                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1146538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.138910                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.138910                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.318582                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.318582                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6868270                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1929101                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1704723                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          707                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2044.346366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          86778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        31.532703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks         106.988675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    11.923167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   297.782265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1627.652259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.052241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.005822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.145401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.794752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.998216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 704                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    661767027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     676248280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      731496161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     731496161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               1121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              1121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.608083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.628011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.628011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1043796.572555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1045205.996909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    606097229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619437082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     50242998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50242998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656340227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    669680080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656340227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    669680080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 955989.320189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957398.890263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 881456.105263                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881456.105263                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949841.138929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951250.113636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949841.138929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951250.113636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.121546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.960732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    44.867253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1946.172015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.021908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.950279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60505097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     82196668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     142701765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60505097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     82196668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      142701765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60505097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     82196668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     142701765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2881195.095238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 903260.087912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1274122.901786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2881195.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 903260.087912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1274122.901786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2881195.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 903260.087912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1274122.901786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58661297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     74204882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132866179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58661297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     74204882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132866179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58661297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     74204882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132866179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2793395.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 815438.263736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1186305.169643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2793395.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 815438.263736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1186305.169643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2793395.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 815438.263736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1186305.169643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          499                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         113401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        44.523361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.632688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.599598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.160817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1794.606897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.114336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.876273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          508                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   508                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 499                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     14811694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    453921909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     468733603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     14811694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    453921909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      468733603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     14811694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    453921909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     468733603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              1007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               1007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              1007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.495531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.495531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.495531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1057978.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 935921.461856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939345.897796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1057978.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 935921.461856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 939345.897796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1057978.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 935921.461856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 939345.897796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                101                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     101                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13582494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    411338909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    424921403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13582494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    411338909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    424921403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13582494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    411338909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    424921403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 970178.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 848121.461856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851545.897796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 970178.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 848121.461856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851545.897796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 970178.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 848121.461856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851545.897796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          229                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.648341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         135293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        59.495602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.906121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.049506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   103.097828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1835.594885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.050341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.896287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          202                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 227                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53036422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    209101671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     262138093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53036422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    209101671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      262138093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53036422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    209101671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     262138093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.300595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.325215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.299259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.323823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.299259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.323823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2121456.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1035156.787129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1154793.361233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2121456.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1035156.787129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1154793.361233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2121456.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1035156.787129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1154793.361233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                140                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     140                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     50839780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    191358833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    242198613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     50839780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    191358833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    242198613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     50839780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    191358833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    242198613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.300595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.299259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.299259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2033591.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 947320.955446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066954.242291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2033591.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 947320.955446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066954.242291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2033591.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 947320.955446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066954.242291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.121546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         132081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        61.148611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.964144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    44.873969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1946.161886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.021911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.950274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53987239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78606178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     132593417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53987239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78606178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      132593417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53987239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78606178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     132593417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2570820.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 863804.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1183869.794643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2570820.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 863804.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1183869.794643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2570820.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 863804.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1183869.794643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52143439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     70613682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122757121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52143439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     70613682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122757121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52143439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     70613682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122757121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2483020.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 775974.527473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1096045.723214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2483020.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 775974.527473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1096045.723214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2483020.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 775974.527473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1096045.723214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.493924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          51362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        22.263546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.345632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.054113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   127.898080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1864.196098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.062450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.910252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42734965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    197825425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     240560390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42734965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    197825425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      240560390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42734965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    197825425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     240560390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.332394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858041.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838243.326271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928804.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858041.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838243.326271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928804.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858041.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838243.326271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928804.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40715565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177104625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217820190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40715565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177104625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    217820190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40715565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177104625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    217820190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.332394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1770241.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 750443.326271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841004.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1770241.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 750443.326271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841004.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1770241.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 750443.326271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841004.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          195                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2046.995783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         118810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        52.969238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.995783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.405532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    89.444137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1904.150331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.043674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.929761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   405                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85611070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    156633806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     242244876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85611070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    156633806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      242244876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85611070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    156633806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     242244876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.325000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.325000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3057538.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 937926.982036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1242281.415385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3057538.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 937926.982036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1242281.415385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3057538.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 937926.982036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1242281.415385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 83                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      83                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83151935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    141965722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225117657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83151935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    141965722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225117657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83151935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    141965722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225117657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2969711.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 850094.143713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1154449.523077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2969711.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 850094.143713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1154449.523077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2969711.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 850094.143713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1154449.523077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.121546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         132080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.148148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.961491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    44.793623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1946.244887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.021872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.950315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          376                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   378                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55775923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     80189399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     135965322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55775923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     80189399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      135965322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55775923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     80189399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     135965322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.196121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2655996.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 881202.186813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1213976.089286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2655996.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 881202.186813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1213976.089286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2655996.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 881202.186813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1213976.089286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53931355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     72198628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126129983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53931355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     72198628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    126129983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53931355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     72198628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126129983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.196121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2568159.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 793391.516484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1126160.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2568159.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 793391.516484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1126160.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2568159.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 793391.516484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1126160.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.121578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.963619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    44.899537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1946.136844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.021924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.950262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60326809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81460088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     141786897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60326809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81460088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      141786897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60326809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81460088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     141786897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2872705.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 895165.802198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1265954.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2872705.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 895165.802198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1265954.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2872705.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 895165.802198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1265954.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58483009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     73470003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131953012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58483009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     73470003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131953012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58483009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     73470003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131953012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2784905.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 807362.670330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1178151.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2784905.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 807362.670330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1178151.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2784905.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 807362.670330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1178151.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          696                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2044.661559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          86790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        31.663626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks         109.221974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    11.936713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   292.306983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1631.195890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.053331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.005828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.142728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.796482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.998370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          422                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   422                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          680                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 693                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12663553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    616191948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     628855501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     50948521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     50948521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12663553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    667140469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      679804022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12663553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    667140469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     679804022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              1059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               1115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              1115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.596558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.601511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.617060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.621525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.617060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.621525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 974119.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 987487.096154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 987214.287284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 909795.017857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 909795.017857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 974119.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 981088.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 980958.184704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 974119.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 981088.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 980958.184704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                374                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     374                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11518403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    561176227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    572694630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     46095887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46095887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11518403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    607272114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    618790517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11518403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    607272114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    618790517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.596558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.601511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.617060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.617060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       886031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 899320.876603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 899049.654631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 823140.839286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823140.839286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       886031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 893047.226471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 892915.608947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       886031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 893047.226471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 892915.608947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.121546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         132080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        61.148148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.962258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    44.866685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1946.171057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.021908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.950279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          376                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   378                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53882006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     79077291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     132959297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53882006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     79077291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      132959297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53882006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     79077291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     132959297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.196121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2565809.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 868981.219780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1187136.580357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2565809.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 868981.219780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1187136.580357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2565809.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 868981.219780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1187136.580357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52038206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     71087491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123125697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52038206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     71087491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123125697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52038206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     71087491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123125697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.196121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2478009.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781181.219780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099336.580357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2478009.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781181.219780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099336.580357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2478009.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781181.219780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099336.580357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          493                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         113400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        44.628099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.634634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.594248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   235.424669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1793.346449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.114953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.875657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   507                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 495                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17181875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    469261654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     486443529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17181875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    469261654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      486443529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17181875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    469261654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     486443529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              1002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               1002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              1002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.494012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.494012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.494012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1227276.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 975595.954262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 982714.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1227276.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 975595.954262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 982714.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1227276.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 975595.954262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 982714.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                100                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     100                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15952675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    427196786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443149461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15952675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    427196786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    443149461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15952675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    427196786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    443149461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1139476.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 888143.006237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 895251.436364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1139476.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 888143.006237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 895251.436364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1139476.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 888143.006237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 895251.436364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.496471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          51360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        22.262679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.349460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.040850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   127.758999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1864.347162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.010762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.062382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.910326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          475                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   476                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40052235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    200974683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     241026918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40052235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    200974683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      241026918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40052235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    200974683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     241026918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.353825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.352381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.352381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1741401.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851587.639831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930605.861004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1741401.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851587.639831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930605.861004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1741401.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851587.639831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930605.861004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     38032835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    180252428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218285263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     38032835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    180252428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218285263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     38032835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    180252428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218285263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1653601.521739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 763781.474576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842800.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1653601.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 763781.474576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842800.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1653601.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 763781.474576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842800.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          490                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         113400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        44.680851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.637674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.605253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   232.381769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1796.375304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.113468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.877136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          507                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   507                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          478                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 492                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12590032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    457720876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     470310908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12590032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    457720876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      470310908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12590032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    457720876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     470310908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.485279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.492492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.485279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.492492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.485279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.492492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       899288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 957575.054393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955916.479675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       899288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 957575.054393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955916.479675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       899288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 957575.054393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955916.479675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 98                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      98                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11360832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    415924068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    427284900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11360832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    415924068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    427284900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11360832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    415924068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    427284900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.485279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.485279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.485279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       811488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 870134.033473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868465.243902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       811488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 870134.033473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868465.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       811488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 870134.033473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868465.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          696                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2044.554401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          86776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        31.658519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks         109.435645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    11.928814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   291.333119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1631.856823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.053435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.005825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.142252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.796805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.998318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            484                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 484                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          418                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   418                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 693                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20463619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    641237044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     661700663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     60086284                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     60086284                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20463619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    701323328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      721786947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20463619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    701323328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     721786947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              1053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          484                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             484                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               1111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              1111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.598077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.603039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.623762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.623762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1574124.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1030927.723473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1042048.288189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1035970.413793                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1035970.413793                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1574124.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1031357.835294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1041539.606061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1574124.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1031357.835294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1041539.606061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                379                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     379                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     19322219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    586609819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    605932038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     54991631                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54991631                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     19322219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    641601450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    660923669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     19322219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    641601450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    660923669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.598077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.603039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1486324.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 943102.602894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 954223.681890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 948131.568966                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 948131.568966                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1486324.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 943531.544118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 953713.808081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1486324.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 943531.544118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 953713.808081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          260                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.508560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          51364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        22.254766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.361924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.994384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   129.437173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1862.715079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.010739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.063202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.909529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          479                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   480                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 260                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47248212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    200944286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     248192498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47248212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    200944286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      248192498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47248212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    200944286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     248192498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.332398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2054270.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 847866.185654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954586.530769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2054270.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 847866.185654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954586.530769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2054270.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 847866.185654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954586.530769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45228379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    180129337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225357716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45228379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    180129337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225357716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45228379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    180129337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225357716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.332398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1966451.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760039.396624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866760.446154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1966451.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760039.396624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866760.446154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1966451.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760039.396624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866760.446154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.745934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494287.962151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125035930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             91668.570381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   190.171120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    65.828880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.742856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.257144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              469.724166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              749898219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1568824.725941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.724166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.023596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       171744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       171744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         171744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       171744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        171744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96813893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96813893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96813893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96813893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96813893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96813893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       171775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       171775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       171775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       171775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       171775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3123028.806452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3123028.806452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3123028.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3123028.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3123028.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3123028.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60809329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60809329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60809329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60809329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60809329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60809329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2643883.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2643883.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2643883.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2643883.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2643883.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2643883.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              108919142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             150440.803867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   137.418227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   118.581773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.536790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.463210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       135787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        99899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       235686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         235686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       235686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        235686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    241670963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    241670963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1078811                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1078811                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    242749774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    242749774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    242749774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    242749774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       136997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        99911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       236908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       236908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 199728.068595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 199728.068595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 89900.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89900.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 198649.569558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 198649.569558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 198649.569558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 198649.569558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107257265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107257265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       208471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107465736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107465736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107465736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107465736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 230660.784946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 230660.784946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 69490.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69490.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 229627.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229627.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 229627.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229627.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              556.598779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              765428278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1374197.985637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.598779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       147380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        147380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       147380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         147380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       147380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        147380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15831231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15831231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15831231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15831231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15831231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15831231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       147396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       147396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       147396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       147396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       147396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 989451.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 989451.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 989451.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 989451.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 989451.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 989451.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     14928288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14928288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     14928288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14928288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     14928288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14928288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1066306.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066306.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1066306.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066306.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1066306.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066306.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  993                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              287974803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1249                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             230564.293835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   103.669554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   152.330446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.404959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.595041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       376536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        376536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       205526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       582062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         582062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       582062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        582062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         3660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3660                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         3660                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1892258608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1892258608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1892258608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1892258608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1892258608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1892258608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       380196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       380196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       205526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       205526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       585722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       585722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       585722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       585722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 517010.548634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 517010.548634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 517010.548634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 517010.548634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 517010.548634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 517010.548634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    492622121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    492622121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    492622121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    492622121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    492622121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    492622121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 496094.784491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 496094.784491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 496094.784491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 496094.784491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 496094.784491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 496094.784491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              496.068396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              747005556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1470483.377953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.068396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.022546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         160944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        160944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77706207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77706207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77706207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77706207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77706207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77706207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       160983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       160983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1992466.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1992466.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1992466.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1992466.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1992466.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1992466.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53310698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53310698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53310698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53310698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53310698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53310698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2050411.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2050411.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2050411.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2050411.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2050411.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2050411.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  675                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              117758098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             126485.604726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   178.485289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    77.514711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.697208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.302792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       111355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        93424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       204779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         204779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       204779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        204779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    867694442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    867694442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     88545595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88545595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    956240037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    956240037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    956240037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    956240037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       113612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        93588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       207200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       207200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.019866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001752                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001752                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 384445.920248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 384445.920248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 539912.164634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539912.164634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 394977.297398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 394977.297398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 394977.297398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 394977.297398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1115608                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 371869.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1746                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1746                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    241607960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241607960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    241800260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241800260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    241800260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241800260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 359535.654762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 359535.654762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 358222.607407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 358222.607407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 358222.607407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 358222.607407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              469.727425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749898208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1568824.702929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.727425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.023602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       171733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       171733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         171733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       171733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        171733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     86093458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86093458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     86093458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86093458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     86093458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86093458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       171764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       171764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       171764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       171764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       171764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2777208.322581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2777208.322581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2777208.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2777208.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2777208.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2777208.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54291379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54291379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54291379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54291379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54291379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54291379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2360494.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2360494.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2360494.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2360494.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2360494.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2360494.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              108919119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             150648.850622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   137.409001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   118.590999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.536754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.463246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       135776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        99887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       235663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         235663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       235663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        235663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    243982994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243982994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1077707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    245060701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245060701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    245060701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245060701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       136986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        99899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       236885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       236885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 201638.838017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201638.838017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 89808.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89808.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 200540.671849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200540.671849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 200540.671849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200540.671849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    103602595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103602595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       208379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    103810974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103810974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    103810974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103810974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 222801.279570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222801.279570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 69459.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69459.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 221818.320513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221818.320513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 221818.320513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221818.320513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              548.055094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              643101426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1169275.320000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.011872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.043223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.036878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       161204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       161204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         161204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       161204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        161204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50471818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50471818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50471818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50471818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50471818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50471818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       161237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       161237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       161237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       161237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       161237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1529449.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1529449.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42991238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42991238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42991238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42991238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42991238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42991238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1791301.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1791301.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              150655626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             155475.362229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   161.726710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    94.273290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.631745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.368255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       220717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        49714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       270431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         270431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       270431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        270431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1033143677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1033143677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1267226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1267226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1034410903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1034410903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1034410903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1034410903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       223182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       272911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       272911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 419125.223935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419125.223935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84481.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84481.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    230741723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230741723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    230934023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230934023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    230934023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230934023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 324988.342254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324988.342254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              500.169365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              746444963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1481041.593254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.169365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.040336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       165287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        165287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       165287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         165287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       165287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        165287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92797563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92797563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92797563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92797563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92797563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92797563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       165325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       165325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       165325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       165325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       165325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2442041.131579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2442041.131579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2442041.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2442041.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2442041.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2442041.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       807727                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 403863.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85907659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85907659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85907659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85907659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85907659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85907659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2962333.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2962333.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2962333.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2962333.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2962333.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2962333.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              112808133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             136406.448609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   170.353962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    85.646038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.665445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.334555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       112220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        112220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        93899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       206119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         206119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       206119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        206119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    611649734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    611649734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1160966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1160966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    612810700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    612810700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    612810700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    612810700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       114064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        93913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       207977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       207977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.016166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 331697.252711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 331697.252711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82926.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82926.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 329822.766416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 329822.766416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 329822.766416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 329822.766416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    184103988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    184103988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    184296288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    184296288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    184296288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    184296288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 324126.739437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324126.739437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322760.574431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322760.574431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322760.574431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322760.574431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              469.724596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              749898194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1568824.673640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.724596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.023597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       171719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       171719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         171719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       171719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        171719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88767883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88767883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88767883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88767883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88767883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88767883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       171751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       171751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       171751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       171751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       171751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2773996.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2773996.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2773996.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2773996.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2773996.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2773996.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56080125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56080125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56080125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56080125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56080125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56080125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2438266.304348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2438266.304348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2438266.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2438266.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2438266.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2438266.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              108919104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             150648.829876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   137.237562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   118.762438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.536084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.463916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       135766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        99882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       235648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         235648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       235648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        235648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    243600826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243600826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1078451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1078451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    244679277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    244679277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    244679277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    244679277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       136972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        99894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       236866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       236866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 201990.734660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201990.734660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89870.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89870.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 200886.105911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200886.105911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 200886.105911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200886.105911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105184571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105184571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       208441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105393012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105393012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105393012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105393012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 226690.885776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226690.885776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69480.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69480.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 225680.967880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225680.967880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 225680.967880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225680.967880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              469.727513                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              749898266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1568824.824268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.727513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.023602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       171791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       171791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         171791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       171791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        171791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97736587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97736587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97736587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97736587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97736587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97736587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       171822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       171822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       171822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       171822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       171822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3152793.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3152793.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3152793.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3152793.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3152793.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3152793.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60630900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60630900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60630900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60630900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60630900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60630900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2636126.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2636126.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2636126.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2636126.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2636126.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2636126.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              108919197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             150440.879834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   137.482853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   118.517147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.537042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.462958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        99923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       235741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         235741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       235741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        235741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    242687815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    242687815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1077119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    243764934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    243764934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    243764934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    243764934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       137028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        99935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       236963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       236963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 200568.442149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 200568.442149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89759.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89759.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 199480.306056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 199480.306056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 199480.306056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 199480.306056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    106520320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106520320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       208330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    106728650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106728650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    106728650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106728650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 229075.956989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229075.956989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69443.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69443.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 228052.670940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228052.670940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 228052.670940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228052.670940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              501.751592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750133471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1494289.782869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.751592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.020435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         125541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        125541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     18549029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18549029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     18549029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18549029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     18549029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18549029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       125561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       125561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 927451.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927451.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 927451.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927451.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 927451.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927451.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12772395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12772395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12772395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12772395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12772395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12772395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 982491.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 982491.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 982491.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 982491.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 982491.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 982491.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              125037472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             92142.573324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   190.560866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    65.439134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.744378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.255622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        95614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        76917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       172531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         172531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       172531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        172531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1624545504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1624545504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    433631678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    433631678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2058177182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2058177182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2058177182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2058177182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        98212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        98212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        77443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       175655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       175655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.026453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 625306.198614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 625306.198614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 824394.825095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824394.825095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 658827.523047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 658827.523047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 658827.523047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 658827.523047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    649745685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    649745685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51405021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51405021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    701150706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    701150706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    701150706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    701150706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 621171.782983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 621171.782983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 917946.803571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917946.803571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 636252.909256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636252.909256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 636252.909256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636252.909256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              469.725211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749898181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1568824.646444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.725211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.023598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       171706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       171706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         171706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       171706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        171706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     85791955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85791955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     85791955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85791955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     85791955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85791955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       171737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       171737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       171737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       171737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       171737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2767482.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2767482.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2767482.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2767482.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2767482.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2767482.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54186116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54186116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54186116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54186116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54186116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54186116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2355918.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2355918.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2355918.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2355918.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2355918.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2355918.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              108919090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             150648.810512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   137.394890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   118.605110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.536699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.463301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       135755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        99879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       235634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         235634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       235634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        235634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    243497917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243497917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1077347                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077347                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    244575264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    244575264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    244575264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    244575264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       136961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        99891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       236852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       236852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 201905.403814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201905.403814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 89778.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89778.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 200800.709360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200800.709360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 200800.709360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200800.709360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    104068933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104068933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       208349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    104277282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104277282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    104277282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104277282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 224286.493534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224286.493534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 69449.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69449.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 223291.824411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223291.824411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 223291.824411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223291.824411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              556.593428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              765427631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1374196.824057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.593428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       146733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        146733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       146733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         146733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       146733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        146733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18201200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18201200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18201200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18201200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18201200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18201200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       146749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       146749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       146749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       146749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       146749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1137575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1137575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1137575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1137575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1137575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1137575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17298347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17298347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17298347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17298347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17298347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17298347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1235596.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1235596.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1235596.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1235596.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1235596.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1235596.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  986                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              287972393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             231861.830113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   103.625848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   152.374152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.404788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.595212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       374895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        374895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       204757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       204757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       579652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         579652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       579652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        579652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1930748142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1930748142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1930748142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1930748142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1930748142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1930748142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       378532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       378532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       204757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       204757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       583289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       583289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       583289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       583289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530862.838053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 530862.838053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530862.838053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 530862.838053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530862.838053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 530862.838053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    507829471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507829471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    507829471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507829471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    507829471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507829471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 513997.440283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513997.440283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 513997.440283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513997.440283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 513997.440283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513997.440283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              548.041842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              643101166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1169274.847273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.997569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.044272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.036855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       160944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       160944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         160944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       160944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        160944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47149597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47149597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47149597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47149597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47149597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47149597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       160977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       160977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       160977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       160977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       160977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1428775.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1428775.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1428775.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1428775.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1428775.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1428775.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40309016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40309016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40309016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40309016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40309016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40309016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1679542.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1679542.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1679542.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1679542.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1679542.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1679542.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  711                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              150655299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             155796.586350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   161.580423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    94.419577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.631174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.368826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       220527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        49577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       270104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         270104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       270104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        270104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1065152756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1065152756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1268534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1268534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1066421290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1066421290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1066421290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1066421290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       222984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       222984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        49592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       272576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       272576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 433517.605210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 433517.605210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84568.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84568.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 431400.198220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431400.198220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 431400.198220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431400.198220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    233753281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233753281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    233945581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233945581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    233945581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233945581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 330160.001412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330160.001412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 329037.385373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329037.385373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 329037.385373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329037.385373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              556.604434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              765427792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1374197.113106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.604434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       146894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        146894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       146894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         146894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       146894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        146894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14249982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14249982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14249982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14249982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14249982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14249982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       146910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       146910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       146910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       146910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       146910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 890623.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 890623.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 890623.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 890623.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 890623.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 890623.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12707296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12707296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12707296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12707296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12707296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12707296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       907664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       907664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       907664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       907664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       907664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       907664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  983                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              287972539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             232423.356739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   103.725560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   152.274440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.405178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.594822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       375013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        375013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       204785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       204785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       579798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         579798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       579798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        579798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         3622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         3622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1897968464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1897968464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1897968464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1897968464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1897968464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1897968464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       378635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       378635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       204785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       204785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       583420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       583420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       583420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       583420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 524011.171728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 524011.171728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 524011.171728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 524011.171728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 524011.171728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 524011.171728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    496267447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    496267447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    496267447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    496267447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    496267447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    496267447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 503824.819289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 503824.819289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 503824.819289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 503824.819289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 503824.819289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 503824.819289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.727145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750131727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1494286.308765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.727145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       123797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       123797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         123797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       123797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        123797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           26                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     33062204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33062204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     33062204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     33062204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     33062204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     33062204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       123823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       123823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       123823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       123823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       123823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1271623.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1271623.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1271623.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1271623.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1271623.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1271623.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20572469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20572469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20572469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     20572469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20572469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     20572469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1582497.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1582497.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1582497.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1582497.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1582497.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1582497.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 1097                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125034322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             92412.654841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   189.685158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    66.314842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.740958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.259042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        93591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         93591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        75794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       169385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         169385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       169385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        169385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          479                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          479                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         3047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         3047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1659951869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1659951869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    489181008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    489181008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2149132877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2149132877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2149132877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2149132877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        96159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        76273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       172432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       172432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.026706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 646398.702882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 646398.702882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1021254.713987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1021254.713987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 705327.494913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 705327.494913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 705327.494913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 705327.494913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    673070890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    673070890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     60567684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60567684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    733638574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    733638574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    733638574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    733638574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000760                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000760                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 647183.548077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 647183.548077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1044270.413793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1044270.413793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 668158.992714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668158.992714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 668158.992714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668158.992714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              547.995375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              643101433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1169275.332727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.952306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.043069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.036783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       161211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       161211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         161211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       161211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        161211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     53957187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53957187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     53957187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53957187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     53957187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53957187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       161245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       161245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       161245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       161245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       161245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1586976.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1586976.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1586976.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1586976.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1586976.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1586976.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47504526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47504526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47504526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47504526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47504526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47504526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1979355.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979355.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1979355.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979355.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1979355.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979355.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              150655610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             154995.483539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   162.505203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    93.494797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.634786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.365214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       220606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        49809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       270415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         270415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       270415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        270415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1050253025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1050253025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1269170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1269170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1051522195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1051522195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1051522195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1051522195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       223051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        49824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       272875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       272875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 429551.339468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 429551.339468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84611.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84611.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 427448.046748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427448.046748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 427448.046748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427448.046748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1744                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1744                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    234006428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234006428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    234198728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234198728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    234198728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234198728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328199.758766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328199.758766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 327093.195531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327093.195531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 327093.195531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327093.195531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
