
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001501                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1500732543                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               399084455688                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 365544                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   494644                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  48589                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67773632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30886.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11290265066                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15277684334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        88448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        88576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        30080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        30336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        61312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        30336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        30336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               653056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           42752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       227072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            227072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          692                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1774                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1774                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     59021843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20043545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20214128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     41622340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     40854715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20214128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20214128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               435158152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           28487421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         151307441                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              151307441                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         151307441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     59021843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20043545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20214128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     41622340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     40854715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20214128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20214128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              586465592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21607                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78866                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1999037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1221415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       243732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2288185     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13146      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20954      0.83%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31618      1.25%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13231      0.52%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15820      0.62%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16415      0.65%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11480      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128067      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.057495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.339388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1972620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       270816                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1543                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1481465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1977637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        103689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       148065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        18901                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1478590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         3028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         3288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         8214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3780                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2021451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6890679                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6890679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         352453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       150284                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4140                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        17020                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1473970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2656                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       525024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950918     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240447      9.47%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131647      5.19%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85666      3.37%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78531      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24289      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17251      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6179      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3988      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           388     11.89%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     41.32%     53.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1526     46.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132140     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25260      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136331      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81087      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.382055                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3262                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002372                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5294775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698682                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6426                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5557                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1075                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         88964                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1950                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1474296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150284                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1043                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11677                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13344                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128894                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209853                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183828                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            80959                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.376562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350162                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798812                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2028131                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.375129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.393866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22008                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1998629     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       236622      9.49%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97556      3.91%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50278      2.02%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37111      1.49%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21309      0.85%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12988      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10843      0.43%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28493      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3940638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2995720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35423                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1059964                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.598873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.598873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.277865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.277865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6150599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1844346                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1402976                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         269427                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       220686                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28217                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110137                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103515                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27240                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2583941                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1538339                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            269427                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       130755                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              337125                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         80770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       227711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          160900                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28125                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      3200692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.588063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2863567     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          36096      1.13%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          41948      1.31%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          23004      0.72%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          25974      0.81%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          14775      0.46%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          10480      0.33%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          26230      0.82%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         158618      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      3200692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.074864                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.427449                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2561765                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       250590                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          334074                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2793                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        51466                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        43750                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1876689                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2430                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        51466                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2566315                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         28449                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       209976                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          332215                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12267                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1874623                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2605378                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      8725882                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      8725882                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      2197106                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         408272                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          491                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          276                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           34961                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       179577                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        96848                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        20608                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1869308                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          493                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1758338                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2347                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       249032                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       581682                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3200692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2460738     76.88%     76.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       297711      9.30%     86.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159361      4.98%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110526      3.45%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96869      3.03%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49488      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12420      0.39%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7741      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5838      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3200692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           437     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1781     45.11%     56.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1730     43.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1472403     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27441      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162308      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95972      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1758338                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.488579                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3948                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002245                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6723663                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2118876                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1727553                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1762286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4377                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34042                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          185                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        51466                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         22580                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1444                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1869808                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179577                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96848                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          277                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          958                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15712                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16155                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        31867                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1731365                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152459                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26973                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             248374                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         241362                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            95915                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.481084                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1727667                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1727553                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         1027612                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2693291                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.480025                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381545                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1289856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1582555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       287272                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        28192                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3149226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2502995     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       299900      9.52%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125650      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        74954      2.38%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52029      1.65%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33899      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17767      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13976      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28056      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3149226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1289856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1582555                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               239649                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              145535                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           226485                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1426752                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        32203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        28056                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4990984                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3791125                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 41584                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                398188                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1289856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1582555                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1289856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.790141                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.790141                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.358405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.358405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        7808479                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2399473                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1750333                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         208505                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170149                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21869                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84735                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79696                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20770                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          933                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2021718                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1232552                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            208505                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       100466                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              253101                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         68269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       213125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          126061                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21893                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2533555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.591558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2280454     90.01%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          13286      0.52%     90.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          21304      0.84%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          32070      1.27%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          13264      0.52%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          15796      0.62%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          16444      0.65%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          11556      0.46%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         129381      5.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2533555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.057936                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.342482                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1994916                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       240595                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          251312                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1451                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        45280                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        33768                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          333                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1494944                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        45280                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2000001                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         90270                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       133350                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          247847                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        16795                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1492035                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents         1903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         8008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2133                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2041566                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6954234                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6954234                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1688347                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         353212                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          326                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           45554                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       150987                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        83657                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4172                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        16128                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1487169                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1389246                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2397                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222788                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       519879                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2533555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1940399     76.59%     76.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       241200      9.52%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       133114      5.25%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87504      3.45%     94.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79162      3.12%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24500      0.97%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17560      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6130      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3986      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2533555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           386     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1330     41.14%     53.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1517     46.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1144031     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25577      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137550      9.90%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81934      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1389246                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.386022                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3233                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002327                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5317676                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1710354                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1364157                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1392479                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6529                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31522                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5471                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        45280                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         74820                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1793                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1487495                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           72                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150987                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83657                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          980                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           52                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12017                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        25352                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1369164                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130103                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20081                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             211905                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         185768                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            81802                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.380442                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1364251                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1364157                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          807497                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2047781                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.379050                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.394328                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1011591                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1233395                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255341                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22275                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2488275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1988516     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238047      9.57%     89.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98701      3.97%     93.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50630      2.03%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37648      1.51%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21596      0.87%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13224      0.53%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11164      0.45%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28749      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2488275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1011591                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1233395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               197651                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              119465                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           171255                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1115082                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        24031                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        28749                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3948262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3022766                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 35827                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1065325                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1011591                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1233395                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1011591                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.557643                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.557643                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.281085                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.281085                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6214173                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1864523                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1416028                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         254260                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       223941                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22642                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161349                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         153907                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16511                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          746                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2615050                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1440200                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            254260                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       170418                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              318750                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         73462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       104325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          160477                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      3088801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2770051     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          45462      1.47%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          26160      0.85%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          44702      1.45%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          16551      0.54%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          41086      1.33%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7208      0.23%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          12414      0.40%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         125167      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      3088801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.070650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.400180                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2594325                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       125996                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          317855                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          418                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        50204                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        26462                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1629530                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        50204                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2597091                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         68074                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        49768                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          315203                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8458                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1626063                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5985                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2152253                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7398708                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7398708                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1707759                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         444392                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          125                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           22586                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       276185                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        51351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          563                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        11514                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1614725                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1498474                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1577                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       314080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       665170                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3088801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.108671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2435598     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213597      6.92%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       206929      6.70%     92.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123249      3.99%     96.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69169      2.24%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18301      0.59%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21031      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          511      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          416      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3088801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2855     58.22%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1137     23.19%     81.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          912     18.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1185892     79.14%     79.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12746      0.85%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          114      0.01%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249023     16.62%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        50699      3.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1498474                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.416372                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4904                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003273                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6092230                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1929067                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1457189                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1503378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1526                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61233                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        50204                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         59931                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1614969                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276185                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          124                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          617                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13751                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24003                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1475965                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244478                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22509                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             295153                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         222061                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            50675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.410118                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1457851                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1457189                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          878345                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1987616                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.404901                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.441909                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1139448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1297357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       317557                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          233                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22299                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3038597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2547412     83.84%     83.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       198452      6.53%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121498      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39706      1.31%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62526      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13357      0.44%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8749      0.29%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7768      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39129      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3038597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1139448                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1297357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               264459                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              214922                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               116                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           197635                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1138226                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        17600                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        39129                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4614369                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3280178                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 59443                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                510079                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1139448                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1297357                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1139448                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.158442                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.158442                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.316612                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.316612                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6830135                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1917032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1697648                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          232                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         269955                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       221144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28263                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110342                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103716                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27293                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2588939                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1541405                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            269955                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       131009                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              337808                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         80925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       227037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          161214                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28183                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      3205797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.588308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2867989     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          36173      1.13%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          42038      1.31%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          23050      0.72%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          26020      0.81%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          14794      0.46%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          10518      0.33%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          26281      0.82%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         158934      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      3205797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075011                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.428301                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2566709                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       249970                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          334751                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2800                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        51563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        43821                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1880488                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2431                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        51563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2571266                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         29954                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       207816                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          332878                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        12316                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1878419                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2610676                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      8743474                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      8743474                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      2201525                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         409140                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          275                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           35083                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       179952                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        97022                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2199                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        20662                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1873036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1761778                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2366                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       249521                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       583118                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3205797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2464459     76.88%     76.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       298220      9.30%     86.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159648      4.98%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110756      3.45%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        97081      3.03%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49584      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12438      0.39%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7766      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5845      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3205797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           437     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1778     45.08%     56.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1729     43.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1475298     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27502      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162628      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        96136      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1761778                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.489535                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3944                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6735663                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2123092                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1730935                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1765722                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4388                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34123                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          199                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        51563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         24038                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1873535                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179952                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        97022                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          276                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          952                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15739                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16176                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        31915                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1734762                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152758                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27016                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             248838                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         241822                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            96080                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.482028                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1731048                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1730935                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         1029613                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2698663                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.480965                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381527                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1292392                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1585708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       287851                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        28234                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3154234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2506750     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       300453      9.53%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125894      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        75119      2.38%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52125      1.65%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33967      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17812      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        14009      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28105      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3154234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1292392                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1585708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               240108                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              145820                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           226933                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1429594                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        32268                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        28105                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4999675                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3798697                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 41635                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                393083                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1292392                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1585708                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1292392                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.784666                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.784666                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.359110                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.359110                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        7823754                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2404248                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1753771                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         255619                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22784                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161911                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154430                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          753                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2626877                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1447714                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            255619                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       171085                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              320384                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         73865                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        92768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          161237                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22198                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      3090965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.790627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2770581     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          45583      1.47%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          26379      0.85%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          44834      1.45%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          16694      0.54%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          41194      1.33%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7270      0.24%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          12503      0.40%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         125927      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      3090965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.071027                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.402268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2606033                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       114551                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          319492                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          423                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        50463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        26701                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          473                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1638704                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        50463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2608808                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         65173                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        41175                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          316832                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8511                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1635249                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         6011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2165341                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7441570                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7441570                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1718448                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         446876                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           22750                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       277006                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        51767                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          570                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        11610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1623781                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1506978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1570                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       315600                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       668341                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3090965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.111274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2434121     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215178      6.96%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207569      6.72%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123881      4.01%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69591      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18448      0.60%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21245      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          511      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          421      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3090965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2889     58.29%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1147     23.14%     81.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          920     18.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1193124     79.17%     79.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12850      0.85%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          115      0.01%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249771     16.57%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51118      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1506978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.418735                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4956                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003289                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6111445                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1939646                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1465439                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1511934                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1540                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        50463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         56988                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1119                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1624028                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          273                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277006                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51767                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          633                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13850                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24169                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1484251                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245177                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22725                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             296271                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         223235                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            51094                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.412420                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1466101                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1465439                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          883216                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2001501                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.407193                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.441277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1145644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1304937                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       319136                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22441                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3040502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2546162     83.74%     83.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199966      6.58%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122163      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39957      1.31%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62848      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13466      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8815      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7838      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39287      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3040502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1145644                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1304937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               265576                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              215603                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           198711                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1145059                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        17751                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        39287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4625275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3298655                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 59671                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                507915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1145644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1304937                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1145644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.141360                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.141360                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.318333                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.318333                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6867419                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1928687                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1706095                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         316450                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263416                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30241                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       121008                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113492                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33730                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2746602                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1735589                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            316450                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       147222                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              360861                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         84913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       199006                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          171907                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28884                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2999998     89.26%     89.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          21906      0.65%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          27686      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          44137      1.31%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          18098      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          23874      0.71%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          27929      0.83%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          12927      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         184304      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      3360859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.087930                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.482258                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2730497                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       216855                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          359146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        54174                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        48061                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      2120660                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        54174                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2733704                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          7889                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       200889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          356114                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      2107044                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5619                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2944180                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      9794053                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      9794053                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      2436058                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         508092                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           29387                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       198400                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       102401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        23131                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          2055865                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1963663                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265838                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       553074                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.584274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2529899     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       378168     11.25%     86.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155273      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86871      2.58%     93.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117547      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36646      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35794      1.07%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19134      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1527      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13658     79.07%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.78%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1654212     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26651      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180584      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101975      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1963663                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.545632                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17274                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7307781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2322227                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1910436                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1980937                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40136                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        54174                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          6004                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2056369                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198400                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17191                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        34548                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1928092                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       177081                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             279028                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         272231                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           101947                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.535748                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1910478                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1910436                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         1144238                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         3073689                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.530842                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372269                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1417182                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1746107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310268                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        30293                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.528054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2566840     77.63%     77.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375430     11.35%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136124      4.12%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67673      2.05%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61897      1.87%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26165      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25640      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12171      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34745      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1417182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1746107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               258734                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              158264                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           253136                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1571976                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        36030                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        34745                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            5328302                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           4166938                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 42905                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                238021                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1417182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1746107                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1417182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.539462                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.539462                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.393784                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.393784                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        8672882                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2671765                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1959951                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         255591                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225003                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22810                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161469                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154578                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16737                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          763                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2630053                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1447970                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            255591                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       171315                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              320395                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         73835                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        92826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          161373                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22213                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      3094157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.790398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2773762     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          45708      1.48%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          26270      0.85%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          44644      1.44%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          16711      0.54%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          41141      1.33%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7284      0.24%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          12715      0.41%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         125922      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      3094157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.071020                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.402339                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2609072                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       114763                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          319522                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        50412                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        26813                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          471                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1639325                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1776                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        50412                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2611857                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         59920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        46787                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          316830                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8348                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1635725                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2165549                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7444160                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7444160                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1720117                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         445382                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           22381                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       277049                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        51843                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          537                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        11650                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1624503                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1507883                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1523                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       315112                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       667411                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3094157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.110574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2436616     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215657      6.97%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207457      6.70%     92.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       124117      4.01%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69893      2.26%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18448      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21047      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          509      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          413      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3094157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2832     58.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1128     23.10%     81.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          923     18.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1194010     79.18%     79.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12832      0.85%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249739     16.56%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51186      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1507883                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.418987                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4883                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003238                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6116328                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1939877                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1466439                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1512766                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1437                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61321                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1763                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        50412                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         50403                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1097                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1624750                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277049                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51843                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          619                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13894                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10257                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24151                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1485137                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245116                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22745                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             296280                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         223328                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            51164                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.412666                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1466989                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1466439                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          883607                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2003074                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.407471                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.441125                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1146659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1306211                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       318592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22468                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3043745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2548739     83.74%     83.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       200408      6.58%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122369      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39856      1.31%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62846      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13541      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8803      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7874      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39309      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3043745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1146659                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1306211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               265808                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              215728                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           198898                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1146202                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        17777                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        39309                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4629226                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3300078                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 59599                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                504723                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1146659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1306211                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1146659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.138579                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.138579                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.318616                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.318616                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6871288                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1929876                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1706447                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         269501                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       220750                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28225                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110160                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103538                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27247                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2584590                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1538747                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            269501                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       130785                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              337217                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         80792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       228553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          160940                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28132                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      3202290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2865073     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          36111      1.13%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          41960      1.31%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          23010      0.72%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          25976      0.81%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          14778      0.46%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          10481      0.33%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          26234      0.82%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         158667      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      3202290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.074885                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.427563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2562411                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       251435                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          334164                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2795                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        51481                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        43760                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1877195                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2430                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        51481                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2566964                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         24677                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       214587                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          332305                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        12272                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1875121                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2606124                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      8728193                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      8728193                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      2197752                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         408372                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          491                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          276                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           34968                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       179621                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        96868                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        20614                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1869820                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          493                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1758817                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2348                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       249103                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       581849                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3202290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2462140     76.89%     76.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       297791      9.30%     86.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159395      4.98%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110559      3.45%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96895      3.03%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49503      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12423      0.39%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7746      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5838      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3202290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           437     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1781     45.12%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1729     43.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1472815     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27449      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162347      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95992      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1758817                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.488712                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3947                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002244                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6726219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2119459                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1728026                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1762764                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4376                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34050                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          184                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        51481                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         18810                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1444                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1870320                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179621                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96868                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          277                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          958                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15716                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16159                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        31875                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1731837                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152494                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26980                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             248429                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         241429                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            95935                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.481216                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1728140                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1728026                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         1027892                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2694032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.480157                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381544                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1290210                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1582991                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       287348                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        28200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3150809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2504406     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       299981      9.52%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125683      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        74968      2.38%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52045      1.65%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33908      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17771      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13982      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28065      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3150809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1290210                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1582991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               239705                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              145571                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           226552                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1427139                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        32211                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        28065                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4993070                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3792164                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 41592                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                396590                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1290210                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1582991                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1290210                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.789375                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.789375                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.358503                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.358503                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7810586                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2400173                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1750785                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         240701                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216870                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14519                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89765                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83999                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13083                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          658                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2532949                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1509161                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            240701                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        97082                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              297631                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         46387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       407552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          147122                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14371                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      3269676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.841835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2972045     90.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          10537      0.32%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          21457      0.66%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           9109      0.28%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          48638      1.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          43771      1.34%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           8311      0.25%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          17924      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         137884      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      3269676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.066882                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.419342                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2503981                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       437000                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          296341                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1016                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        31335                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        21201                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1769080                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        31335                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2508130                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        391921                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        30715                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          293504                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        14068                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1766986                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         6678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1051                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2083879                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      8315415                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      8315415                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1805576                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         278292                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           31469                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       412871                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       207102                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1994                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        10204                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1761153                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1677746                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       162240                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       401154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3269676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.513123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2664768     81.50%     81.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       186343      5.70%     87.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149557      4.57%     91.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64258      1.97%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80736      2.47%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75328      2.30%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42945      1.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3667      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2074      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3269676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4244     11.49%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31722     85.92%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          955      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057171     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14669      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       399451     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206355     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1677746                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.466186                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36921                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022006                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6663451                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1923653                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1661415                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1714667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2899                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20438                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1820                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        31335                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        379730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3367                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1761364                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412871                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       207102                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2061                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7711                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         9000                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        16711                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1664728                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       397921                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13018                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             604234                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         217613                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           206313                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.462568                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1661542                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1661415                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          899425                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1784527                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.461648                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.504013                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1339356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1574138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       187478                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        14596                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3238341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2663962     82.26%     82.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212308      6.56%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98696      3.05%     91.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96355      2.98%     94.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26797      0.83%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       109971      3.40%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8759      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6168      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15325      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3238341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1339356                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1574138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               597707                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              392430                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           207820                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1399958                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        15325                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4984632                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3554585                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 55612                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                329204                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1339356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1574138                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1339356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.687023                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.687023                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.372159                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.372159                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        8220005                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1935753                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       2094986                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         256746                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225985                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22891                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       162352                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154856                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16767                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          754                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2636368                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1453865                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            256746                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       171623                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              321726                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         74160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        95472                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          161828                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22308                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      3104690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.790936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2782964     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          45687      1.47%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          26555      0.86%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          44949      1.45%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          16828      0.54%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          41255      1.33%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           7306      0.24%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          12575      0.41%     95.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         126571      4.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      3104690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.071341                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.403977                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2615458                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       117324                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          320828                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          427                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        50650                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        26884                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1646223                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        50650                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2618235                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         64770                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        44314                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          318172                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8546                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1642801                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         6027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2176068                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7476941                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7476941                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1727422                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         448646                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           22850                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       277704                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        52134                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          574                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        11700                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1631343                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1514149                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1592                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       316800                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       670631                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3104690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.111626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2444752     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       216444      6.97%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       208225      6.71%     92.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       124375      4.01%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70029      2.26%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18534      0.60%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21395      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          514      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          422      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3104690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2909     58.39%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1147     23.02%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          926     18.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1199175     79.20%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12962      0.86%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       250412     16.54%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51484      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1514149                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.420728                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4982                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003290                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6139562                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1948408                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1472413                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1519131                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1550                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61533                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        50650                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         56570                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1120                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1631590                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          273                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277704                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        52134                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          634                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13910                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10378                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        24288                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1491252                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245773                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22897                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             297234                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         224239                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            51461                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.414366                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1473074                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1472413                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          887342                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2013387                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.409131                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.440721                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1150848                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1311350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       320300                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        22547                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3054040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2557038     83.73%     83.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       201163      6.59%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122824      4.02%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40186      1.32%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63083      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13559      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8874      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7894      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39419      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3054040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1150848                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1311350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               266511                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              216171                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           199643                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1150805                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        17874                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        39419                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4646258                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3313981                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 59817                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                494190                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1150848                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1311350                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1150848                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.127155                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.127155                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.319779                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.319779                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6898880                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1938486                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1713025                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3598741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         240041                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216201                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14441                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93382                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83739                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13094                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          664                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2526973                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1505836                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            240041                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        96833                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              296908                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         46030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       404221                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          146749                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14291                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      3259368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.842656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2962460     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          10437      0.32%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          21457      0.66%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           9053      0.28%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          48493      1.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          43686      1.34%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           8304      0.25%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          17920      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         137558      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      3259368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.066701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.418434                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2500611                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       431056                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          295656                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          985                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        31057                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        21207                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1765192                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        31057                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2504603                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        388302                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        30442                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          292975                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        11986                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1763163                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         5684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          157                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2079291                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      8298181                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      8298181                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1803514                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         275703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           29804                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       411967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       206856                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1913                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        10199                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1757264                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1675336                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1282                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       160363                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       393987                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3259368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.514006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2657215     81.53%     81.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184042      5.65%     87.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148689      4.56%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64464      1.98%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80773      2.48%     96.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75452      2.31%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        43025      1.32%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3642      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2066      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3259368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4234     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31783     85.95%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          960      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055625     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14639      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       398880     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206092     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1675336                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.465534                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36977                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022071                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6648299                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1917887                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1659033                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1712313                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2852                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20173                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1885                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        31057                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        379755                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3261                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1757475                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       411967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       206856                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2064                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7662                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8930                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        16592                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1662307                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       397363                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13029                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             603417                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         217341                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           206054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.461913                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1659156                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1659033                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          898310                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1780885                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.461004                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.504418                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1337506                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1572099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       185552                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        14517                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3228311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2655281     82.25%     82.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       211242      6.54%     88.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98422      3.05%     91.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96324      2.98%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26729      0.83%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110300      3.42%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8649      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6181      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15183      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3228311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1337506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1572099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               596740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              391782                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           207547                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1398182                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        15302                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        15183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4970779                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3546446                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 55572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                339373                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1337506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1572099                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1337506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.690635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.690635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.371659                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.371659                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        8208214                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1932931                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       2090878                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         255153                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       224681                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22741                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161719                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154248                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16598                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          751                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2622647                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1445294                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            255153                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       170846                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              319832                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         73747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        97559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          160977                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22157                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      3090899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.789099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2771067     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          45536      1.47%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          26301      0.85%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          44786      1.45%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          16649      0.54%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          41153      1.33%     95.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           7249      0.23%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          12476      0.40%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         125682      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      3090899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070898                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.401595                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2601831                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       119313                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          318943                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          420                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        50389                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        26612                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1635693                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        50389                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2604610                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         68312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        42825                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          316279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         8481                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1632232                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         6004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2161153                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7427551                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7427551                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1714943                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         446183                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           22692                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       276710                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        51630                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          566                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        11574                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1620769                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1504101                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1576                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       315164                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       667510                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3090899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.110268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2435262     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214673      6.95%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207336      6.71%     92.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123684      4.00%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69465      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18379      0.59%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21170      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          511      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          419      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3090899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2876     58.29%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1139     23.08%     81.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          919     18.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1190702     79.16%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12810      0.85%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          115      0.01%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249493     16.59%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        50981      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1504101                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.417936                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4934                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003280                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6105611                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1936198                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1462650                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1509035                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1532                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61346                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        50389                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         60133                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1111                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1621016                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276710                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51630                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          628                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13823                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10296                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24119                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1481450                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             295877                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         222820                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            50957                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.411642                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1463313                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1462650                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          881606                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1996993                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.406418                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.441467                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1143607                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1302387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       318681                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22399                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3040510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2547221     83.78%     83.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199465      6.56%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121948      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39869      1.31%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62744      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13421      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8790      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7818      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39234      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3040510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1143607                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1302387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               265197                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              215361                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           198332                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1142745                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        17686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        39234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4622331                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3292573                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 59588                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                507981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1143607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1302387                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1143607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.146955                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.146955                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.317767                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.317767                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6854822                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1924861                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1703345                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         254217                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       223795                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22568                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       160434                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         153802                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16556                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          753                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2615180                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1440314                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            254217                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       170358                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              318596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         73204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        92880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          160390                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21965                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      3077149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.790331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2758553     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          45650      1.48%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          26075      0.85%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          44510      1.45%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          16274      0.53%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          40999      1.33%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7149      0.23%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          12618      0.41%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         125321      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      3077149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070638                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.400212                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2594168                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       114841                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          317713                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          400                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        50024                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        26629                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          469                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1629755                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1775                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        50024                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2596949                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         60303                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        46369                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          315041                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         8460                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1626161                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2152156                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7398538                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7398538                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1709717                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         442411                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           22692                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       276053                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        51439                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          558                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        11548                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1614891                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1499136                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1574                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       313002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       662356                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3077149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.110120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2423324     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214085      6.96%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       206972      6.73%     92.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123146      4.00%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69525      2.26%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18347      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20828      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          510      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          412      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3077149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2862     58.32%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1128     22.99%     81.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          917     18.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1186514     79.15%     79.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12719      0.85%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          115      0.01%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       248993     16.61%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        50795      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1499136                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.416556                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4907                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003273                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6081901                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1928156                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1458043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1504043                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1404                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61022                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1801                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        50024                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         50784                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1108                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1615138                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276053                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51439                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          615                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13634                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10251                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        23885                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1476699                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244465                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             295238                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         222173                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            50773                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.410322                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1458627                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1458043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          878746                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1987655                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.405138                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.442102                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1140632                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1298722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       316480                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22228                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3027125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2535100     83.75%     83.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199068      6.58%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121601      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39711      1.31%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62548      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13463      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8726      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7808      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39100      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3027125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1140632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1298722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               264669                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              215031                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           197795                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1139469                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        17618                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        39100                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4603214                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3280475                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 59283                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                521731                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1140632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1298722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1140632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.155163                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.155163                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.316941                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.316941                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6833084                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1918122                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1697958                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         256329                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225533                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22745                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161516                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154656                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16770                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          767                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2633095                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1450856                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            256329                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       171426                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              321077                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         73542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       101370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          161440                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22138                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      3106195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.789236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2785118     89.66%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          45728      1.47%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          26509      0.85%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          44735      1.44%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          16611      0.53%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          41167      1.33%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7333      0.24%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          12665      0.41%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         126329      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      3106195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.071225                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.403141                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2611977                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       123433                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          320196                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          406                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        50180                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        26944                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          473                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1643090                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1790                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        50180                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2614800                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         72913                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        42325                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          317472                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         8502                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1639514                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         6010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2171118                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7461742                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7461742                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1727735                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         443383                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           22897                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       277199                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        52134                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          572                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        11716                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1628337                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1512476                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1674                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       313406                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       662692                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3106195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486922                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.110340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2446559     78.76%     78.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       216132      6.96%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       209010      6.73%     92.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       124004      3.99%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69760      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18442      0.59%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21364      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          514      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          410      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3106195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2915     58.59%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1137     22.85%     81.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          923     18.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1197957     79.21%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12913      0.85%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249978     16.53%     96.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51512      3.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1512476                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.420263                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4975                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003289                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6137796                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1942006                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1471170                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1517451                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1506                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        60998                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1778                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        50180                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         64605                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1140                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1628585                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          125                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277199                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        52134                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          650                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13783                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10285                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24068                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1489731                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245443                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22745                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             296930                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         224159                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            51487                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.413943                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1471774                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1471170                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          886776                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2010917                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.408786                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.440981                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1151036                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1311601                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       317069                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22402                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3056015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2558994     83.74%     83.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       200921      6.57%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123147      4.03%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40275      1.32%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62920      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13568      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8796      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7887      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39507      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3056015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1151036                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1311601                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               266557                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              216201                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           199687                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1151043                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        17887                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        39507                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4645165                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3307554                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 59515                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                492685                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1151036                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1311601                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1151036                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.126644                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.126644                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.319832                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.319832                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6892377                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1936601                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1709990                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         316965                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263861                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30291                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       121187                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113670                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33781                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2750915                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1738491                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            316965                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       147451                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              361452                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         85045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       193658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          172179                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28932                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.636065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.005501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2999045     89.24%     89.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          21942      0.65%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          27728      0.83%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          44212      1.32%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          18120      0.54%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          23908      0.71%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          27976      0.83%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          12942      0.39%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         184624      5.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      3360497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.088073                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.483064                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2734805                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       211516                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          359733                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        54256                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        48131                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      2124189                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        54256                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2738015                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          7894                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       195536                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          356698                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         8094                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      2110547                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2949184                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      9810338                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      9810338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      2440280                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         508892                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           29407                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       198706                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       102563                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        23182                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          2059305                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1966987                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       266209                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       553770                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.585326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2528167     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       378766     11.27%     86.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155537      4.63%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87018      2.59%     93.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117742      3.50%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36711      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35851      1.07%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19176      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1529      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13682     79.08%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1865     10.78%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1755     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1657029     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26715      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180868      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       102134      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1966987                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.546555                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17302                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7314094                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2326038                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1913665                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1984289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40185                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        54256                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          6008                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          717                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2059809                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1468                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198706                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102563                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          600                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17226                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17382                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        34608                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1931348                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       177365                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             279470                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         272683                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           102105                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.536653                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1913707                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1913665                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         1146216                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         3078932                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.531739                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1419603                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1749074                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        30343                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.529022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.347479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2565162     77.59%     77.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       376036     11.37%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136370      4.12%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67773      2.05%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62001      1.88%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26214      0.79%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25690      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12195      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34800      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1419603                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1749074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               259145                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              158517                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           253561                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1574637                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        36086                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        34800                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            5331232                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           4173885                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 42961                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                238383                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1419603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1749074                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1419603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.535131                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.535131                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.394457                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.394457                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        8687508                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2676391                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1963199                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          707                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2044.346366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          86778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        31.532703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks         106.988675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    11.923167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   297.782265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1627.652259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.052241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.005822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.145401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.794752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.998216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 704                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    661767027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     676248280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      731496161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     731496161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               1121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              1121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.608083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.628011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.628011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1043796.572555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1045205.996909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    606097229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619437082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     50242996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50242996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656340225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    669680078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656340225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    669680078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 955989.320189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957398.890263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 881456.070175                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881456.070175                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949841.136035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951250.110795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949841.136035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951250.110795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.648899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.906910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.032629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   101.783363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1836.925997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.049699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.896937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56661962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    165738315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     222400277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56661962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    165738315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      222400277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56661962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    165738315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     222400277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2266478.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 854321.211340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1015526.378995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2266478.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 854321.211340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1015526.378995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2266478.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 854321.211340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1015526.378995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54466962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    148702042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    203169004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54466962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    148702042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    203169004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54466962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    148702042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    203169004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2178678.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 766505.371134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 927712.347032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2178678.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 766505.371134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 927712.347032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2178678.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 766505.371134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 927712.347032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          709                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2044.609456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          86789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        31.525245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks         106.148804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    11.936715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   298.447716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1628.076220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.051830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.005828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.145726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.794959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.998344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          421                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   421                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          692                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 705                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15986484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    636855048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     652841532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     49420855                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     49420855                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15986484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    686275903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      702262387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15986484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    686275903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     702262387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              1070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               1126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              1126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.601703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.606542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.621743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.626110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.621743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.626110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1229729.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1001344.415094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1005919.155624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 882515.267857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 882515.267857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1229729.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 991728.183526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 996116.860993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1229729.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 991728.183526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 996116.860993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                385                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     385                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     14845084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    581014248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    595859332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     44504055                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44504055                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     14845084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    625518303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    640363387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     14845084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    625518303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    640363387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.601703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.621743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.621743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1141929.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 913544.415094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 918119.155624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 794715.267857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794715.267857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1141929.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 903928.183526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 908316.860993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1141929.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 903928.183526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 908316.860993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          258                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.496643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                          51358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        22.271466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.349631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.043920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   127.911572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1864.191519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.010764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.062457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.910250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42236516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202932813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     245169329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42236516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202932813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      245169329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42236516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202932813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     245169329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.334278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.354795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.353342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.353342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1836370.260870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859884.800847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946599.725869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1836370.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859884.800847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946599.725869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1836370.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859884.800847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946599.725869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     40216268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    182294630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222510898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     40216268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    182294630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    222510898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     40216268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    182294630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    222510898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.334278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1748533.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772434.872881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859115.436293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1748533.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772434.872881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859115.436293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1748533.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772434.872881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859115.436293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.645672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.897439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.045096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   101.982654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1836.720484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.049796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.896836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66700548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    164734417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     231434965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66700548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    164734417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      231434965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66700548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    164734417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     231434965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2668021.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849146.479381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1056780.662100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2668021.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849146.479381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1056780.662100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2668021.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849146.479381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1056780.662100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64505530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    147697712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212203242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64505530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    147697712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    212203242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64505530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    147697712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    212203242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2580221.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761328.412371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968964.575342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2580221.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761328.412371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968964.575342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2580221.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761328.412371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968964.575342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.493924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          51362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        22.263546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.345632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.054113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   127.898080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1864.196098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.062450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.910252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42734965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    197825425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     240560390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42734965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    197825425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      240560390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42734965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    197825425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     240560390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.332394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858041.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838243.326271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928804.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858041.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838243.326271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928804.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858041.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838243.326271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928804.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40715565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177104625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217820190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40715565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177104625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    217820190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40715565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177104625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    217820190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.332394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1770241.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 750443.326271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841004.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1770241.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 750443.326271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841004.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1770241.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 750443.326271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841004.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.121554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.973466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    44.873176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1946.153357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.021911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.950270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53568475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78237619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     131806094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53568475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78237619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      131806094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53568475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78237619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     131806094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2550879.761905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859754.054945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1176840.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2550879.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859754.054945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1176840.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2550879.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859754.054945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1176840.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51724675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     70245390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121970065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51724675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     70245390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121970065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51724675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     70245390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121970065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2463079.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 771927.362637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1089018.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2463079.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 771927.362637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1089018.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2463079.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 771927.362637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1089018.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          260                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.527622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                          51362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        22.253899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.380482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    22.116143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   129.705407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1862.325590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.010799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.063333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.909339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          237                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 260                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43737661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    198183541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     241921202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43737661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    198183541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      241921202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43737661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    198183541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     241921202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.353741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.352304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.352304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1901637.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836217.472574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930466.161538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1901637.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836217.472574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930466.161538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1901637.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836217.472574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930466.161538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     41718261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    177373195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219091456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     41718261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    177373195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    219091456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     41718261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    177373195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    219091456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1813837.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 748410.105485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842659.446154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1813837.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 748410.105485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842659.446154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1813837.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 748410.105485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842659.446154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.651843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.892445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.042588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   102.203104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1836.513707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.049904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.896735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53161273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166998462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     220159735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53161273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166998462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      220159735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53161273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166998462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     220159735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2126450.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 860816.814433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1005295.593607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2126450.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 860816.814433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1005295.593607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2126450.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 860816.814433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1005295.593607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50966273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149964695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200930968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50966273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149964695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200930968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50966273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149964695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200930968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2038650.920000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 773013.891753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917493.004566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2038650.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 773013.891753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917493.004566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2038650.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 773013.891753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917493.004566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          502                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         113402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        44.471373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.634152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.602767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   236.531621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1792.231460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.115494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.875113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          509                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   509                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 502                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14344413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    473630135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     487974548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14344413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    473630135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      487974548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14344413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    473630135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     487974548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              1011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               1011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              1011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.496538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.496538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.496538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1024600.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 970553.555328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 972060.852590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1024600.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 970553.555328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 972060.852590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1024600.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 970553.555328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 972060.852590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                101                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     101                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13109963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    430611242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443721205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13109963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    430611242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    443721205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13109963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    430611242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    443721205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 936425.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 882400.086066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883906.782869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 936425.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 882400.086066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883906.782869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 936425.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 882400.086066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883906.782869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.493499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          51363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        22.263979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.344781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.042320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   128.295328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1863.811069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.010763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.062644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.910064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   479                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47284959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    193794247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     241079206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47284959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    193794247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      241079206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47284959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    193794247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     241079206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.350949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.350949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2055867.782609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 821162.063559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930807.745174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2055867.782609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 821162.063559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930807.745174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2055867.782609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 821162.063559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930807.745174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45265559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    173073447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218339006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45265559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    173073447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218339006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45265559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    173073447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218339006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1968067.782609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 733362.063559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843007.745174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1968067.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 733362.063559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843007.745174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1968067.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 733362.063559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843007.745174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          493                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         113400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        44.628099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.634634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.594259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   235.424585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1793.346522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.114953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.875657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   507                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 495                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17165875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    469086767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     486252642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17165875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    469086767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      486252642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17165875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    469086767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     486252642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              1002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               1002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              1002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.494012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.494012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.494012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1226133.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 975232.363825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 982328.569697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1226133.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 975232.363825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 982328.569697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1226133.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 975232.363825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 982328.569697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                100                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     100                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15935676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    427020327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442956003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15935676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    427020327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    442956003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15935676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    427020327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    442956003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1138262.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 887776.147609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894860.612121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1138262.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 887776.147609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894860.612121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1138262.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 887776.147609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894860.612121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.496471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          51360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        22.262679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.349460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.040850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   127.758999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1864.347162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.010762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.062382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.910326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          475                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   476                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40052235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    200974683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     241026918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40052235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    200974683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      241026918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40052235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    200974683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     241026918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.353825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.352381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.352381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1741401.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851587.639831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930605.861004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1741401.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851587.639831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930605.861004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1741401.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851587.639831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930605.861004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     38032835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    180252428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218285263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     38032835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    180252428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218285263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     38032835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    180252428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218285263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1653601.521739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 763781.474576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842800.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1653601.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 763781.474576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842800.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1653601.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 763781.474576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842800.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          260                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.528070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                          51358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        22.252166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.380930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.112629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   129.322619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1862.711891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.010797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.063146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.909527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 260                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     44643792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    204917386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     249561178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     44643792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    204917386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      249561178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     44643792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    204917386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     249561178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.355677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.354223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.354223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1941034.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 864630.320675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959850.684615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1941034.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 864630.320675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959850.684615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1941034.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 864630.320675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959850.684615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     42624392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    184106636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226731028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     42624392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    184106636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226731028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     42624392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    184106636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226731028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1853234.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 776821.248945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872042.415385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1853234.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 776821.248945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872042.415385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1853234.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 776821.248945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872042.415385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          262                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.508714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          51360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        22.233766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.361543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.189106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   129.318081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1860.639984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.011811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.063144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.908516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          475                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   476                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 262                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68636196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    206794047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     275430243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68636196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    206794047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      275430243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68636196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    206794047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     275430243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2745447.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 872548.721519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1051260.469466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2745447.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 872548.721519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1051260.469466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2745447.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 872548.721519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1051260.469466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 40                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      40                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66441196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185980385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    252421581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66441196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185980385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    252421581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66441196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185980385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    252421581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2657647.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 784727.362869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963441.148855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2657647.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 784727.362869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963441.148855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2657647.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 784727.362869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963441.148855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.123274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.123274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.985836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    44.921395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1946.092769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.021934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.950241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44747446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77213899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     121961345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44747446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77213899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      121961345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44747446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77213899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     121961345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2130830.761905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 848504.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1088940.580357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2130830.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 848504.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1088940.580357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2130830.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 848504.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1088940.580357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     42903116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     69222924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112126040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     42903116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     69222924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112126040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     42903116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     69222924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112126040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2043005.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760691.472527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001125.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2043005.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760691.472527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001125.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2043005.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760691.472527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001125.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.745934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494287.962151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125035930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             91668.570381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   190.171120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    65.828880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.742856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.257144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              496.050792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              747005468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1470483.204724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.050792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       160856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       160856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         160856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       160856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        160856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83889870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83889870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83889870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83889870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83889870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83889870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       160900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       160900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       160900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       160900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       160900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906587.954545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1906587.954545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906587.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1906587.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906587.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1906587.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56943524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56943524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56943524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56943524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56943524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56943524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2190135.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2190135.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2190135.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2190135.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2190135.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2190135.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              117758357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             127031.668824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   178.031448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    77.968552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.695435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.304565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       111536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        93509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       205045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         205045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       205045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        205045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    817943720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    817943720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    133143232                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    133143232                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    951086952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    951086952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    951086952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    951086952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       113808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        93655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       207463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       207463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.019963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 360010.440141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 360010.440141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 911939.945205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 911939.945205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 393336.208437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 393336.208437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 393336.208437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 393336.208437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2336274                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       778758                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    198429071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198429071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    198621371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    198621371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    198621371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    198621371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 297049.507485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297049.507485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 296008.004471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296008.004471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 296008.004471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296008.004471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              501.748316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              750133969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1494290.774900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.748316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.020430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       126039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       126039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         126039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       126039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        126039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     23623012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23623012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     23623012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23623012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     23623012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23623012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       126061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       126061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       126061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       126061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       126061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1073773.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1073773.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1073773.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1073773.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1073773.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1073773.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     16095204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16095204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     16095204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16095204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     16095204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16095204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1238092.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1238092.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1238092.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1238092.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1238092.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1238092.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 1113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              125037656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             91335.029949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   190.801397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    65.198603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.745318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.254682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        95447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        77264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       172711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         172711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       172711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        172711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         3098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         3098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1631821219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1631821219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    445056621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    445056621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2076877840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2076877840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2076877840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2076877840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        98036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        98036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        77773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       175809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       175809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.026409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006545                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006545                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.017621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.017621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 630290.157976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 630290.157976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 874374.500982                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 874374.500982                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 670393.105229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 670393.105229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 670393.105229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 670393.105229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1985                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1985                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    670533035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    670533035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     49885655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49885655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    720418690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    720418690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    720418690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    720418690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000720                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000720                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 634373.732261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 634373.732261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 890815.267857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890815.267857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 647276.451033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 647276.451033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 647276.451033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 647276.451033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              548.044911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              643100666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1169273.938182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.000879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.044032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.036860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         160444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        160444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     49390654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49390654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     49390654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49390654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     49390654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49390654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       160477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       160477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1496686.484848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1496686.484848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1496686.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1496686.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1496686.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1496686.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42492861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42492861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42492861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42492861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42492861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42492861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1770535.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770535.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1770535.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770535.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1770535.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770535.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              150654676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             156280.784232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   161.642149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    94.357851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.631415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.368585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       220203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        49281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       269484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         269484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       269484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        269484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1066830990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1066830990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1268105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1268105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1068099095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1068099095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1068099095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1068099095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       222654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       222654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        49296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       271950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       271950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       271950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       271950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 435263.561812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435263.561812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84540.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84540.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 433130.208840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433130.208840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 433130.208840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433130.208840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1757                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1757                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    235592607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    235592607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    235784907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    235784907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    235784907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    235784907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333700.576487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333700.576487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 332559.812412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332559.812412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 332559.812412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332559.812412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              496.064878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              747005782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1470483.822835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.064878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.022540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       161170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       161170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         161170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       161170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        161170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    101695526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101695526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    101695526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101695526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    101695526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101695526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       161214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       161214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       161214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       161214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       161214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2311261.954545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2311261.954545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2311261.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2311261.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2311261.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2311261.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66982504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66982504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66982504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66982504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66982504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66982504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2576250.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2576250.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2576250.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2576250.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2576250.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2576250.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              117758716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             127032.056095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   178.308195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    77.691805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.696516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.303484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       111738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        93667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       205405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         205405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       205405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        205405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    813390333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    813390333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    103430035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    103430035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    916820368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    916820368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    916820368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    916820368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       114008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        93829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       207837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       207837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.019911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 358321.732599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 358321.732599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 638457.006173                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 638457.006173                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 376982.059211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 376982.059211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 376982.059211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 376982.059211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3162627                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 790656.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    197425443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    197425443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    197617743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    197617743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    197617743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    197617743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 295547.070359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295547.070359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 294512.284650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294512.284650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 294512.284650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294512.284650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              548.055094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              643101426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1169275.320000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.011872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.043223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.036878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       161204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       161204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         161204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       161204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        161204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50471818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50471818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50471818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50471818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50471818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50471818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       161237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       161237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       161237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       161237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       161237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1529449.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1529449.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42991238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42991238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42991238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42991238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42991238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42991238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1791301.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1791301.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              150655626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             155475.362229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   161.726710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    94.273290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.631745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.368255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       220717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        49714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       270431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         270431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       270431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        270431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1033143677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1033143677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1267226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1267226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1034410903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1034410903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1034410903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1034410903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       223182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       272911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       272911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 419125.223935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419125.223935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84481.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84481.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    230741723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230741723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    230934023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230934023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    230934023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230934023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 324988.342254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324988.342254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              469.738324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              749898350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs                  1568825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    14.738324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.023619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       171875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       171875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         171875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       171875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        171875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87171688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87171688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87171688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87171688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87171688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87171688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       171907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       171907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       171907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       171907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       171907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2724115.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2724115.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2724115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2724115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2724115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2724115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53872644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53872644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53872644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53872644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53872644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53872644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2342288.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2342288.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2342288.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2342288.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2342288.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2342288.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              108919303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             150441.026243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   137.399142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   118.600858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.536715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.463285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       135883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       235847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         235847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       235847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        235847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    239183403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239183403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1078055                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1078055                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    240261458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    240261458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    240261458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    240261458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       137092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        99976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       237068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       237068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       237068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       237068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 197835.734491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 197835.734491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89837.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89837.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 196774.330876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196774.330876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 196774.330876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196774.330876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    103294807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103294807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       208408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    103503215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103503215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    103503215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103503215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 222139.369892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222139.369892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69469.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69469.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221160.715812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221160.715812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221160.715812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221160.715812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              548.117124                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              643101561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1169275.565455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.073420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.043704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.036977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       161339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       161339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         161339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       161339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        161339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     51356261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51356261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     51356261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51356261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     51356261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51356261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       161373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       161373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       161373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       161373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       161373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1510478.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1510478.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1510478.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1510478.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1510478.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1510478.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43993952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43993952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43993952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43993952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43993952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43993952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1833081.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833081.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1833081.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833081.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1833081.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833081.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              150655884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             155315.344330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   162.374648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    93.625352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.634276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.365724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       220869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        49820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       270689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         270689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       270689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        270689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1016694936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1016694936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1267319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1267319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1017962255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1017962255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1017962255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1017962255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       223306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        49835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       273141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       273141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       273141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       273141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 417191.192450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 417191.192450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84487.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84487.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 415155.895188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 415155.895188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 415155.895188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 415155.895188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1738                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1738                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    231128878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231128878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    231321178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231321178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    231321178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231321178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 325075.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325075.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 323979.240896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323979.240896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 323979.240896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323979.240896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              496.060980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              747005509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1470483.285433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.060980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       160897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       160897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         160897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       160897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        160897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77439382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77439382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77439382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77439382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77439382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77439382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       160940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       160940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       160940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       160940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       160940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1800915.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1800915.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1800915.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1800915.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1800915.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1800915.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53442672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53442672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53442672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53442672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53442672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53442672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2055487.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055487.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2055487.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055487.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2055487.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055487.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              117758402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             127031.717368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   178.540037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    77.459963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.697422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.302578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       111561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        93529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         205090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        205090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    825018820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    825018820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    144173291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    144173291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    969192111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    969192111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    969192111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    969192111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       113833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        93675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       207508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       207508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 363124.480634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 363124.480634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 987488.294521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 987488.294521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 400823.867246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 400823.867246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 400823.867246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 400823.867246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2974999                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 991666.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199704312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199704312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199896612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199896612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199896612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    199896612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 298958.550898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298958.550898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 297908.512668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297908.512668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 297908.512668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297908.512668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              556.601944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              765428004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1374197.493716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.601944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.021798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       147106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        147106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       147106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         147106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       147106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        147106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     15364636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15364636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     15364636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15364636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     15364636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15364636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       147122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       147122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       147122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       147122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       147122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 960289.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960289.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 960289.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 960289.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 960289.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 960289.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14461712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14461712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14461712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14461712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14461712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14461712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1032979.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032979.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1032979.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032979.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1032979.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032979.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  997                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              287973192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             229826.968875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   103.695727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   152.304273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.405061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.594939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       375375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        375375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       205076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       205076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       580451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         580451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       580451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        580451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1948632401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1948632401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1948632401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1948632401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1948632401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1948632401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       379044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       379044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       205076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       205076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       584120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       584120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       584120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       584120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531107.222949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 531107.222949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531107.222949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 531107.222949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531107.222949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 531107.222949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    512397656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    512397656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    512397656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    512397656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    512397656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    512397656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 513939.474423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513939.474423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 513939.474423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513939.474423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 513939.474423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513939.474423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              548.043300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              643102012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1169276.385455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.999520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.043780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.036858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       161790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       161790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         161790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       161790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        161790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     57321725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57321725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     57321725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57321725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     57321725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57321725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       161828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       161828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       161828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       161828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       161828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1508466.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1508466.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1508466.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1508466.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1508466.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1508466.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47541811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47541811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47541811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47541811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47541811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47541811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1980908.791667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1980908.791667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1980908.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1980908.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1980908.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1980908.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              150656415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             155315.891753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   161.657782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    94.342218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.631476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.368524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        221140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        50080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        50080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       271220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         271220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       271220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        271220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    998569236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    998569236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1268429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1268429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    999837665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    999837665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    999837665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    999837665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       223609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        50095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        50095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       273704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       273704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       273704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       273704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 404442.784933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 404442.784933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84561.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84561.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 402511.137279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 402511.137279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 402511.137279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 402511.137279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1770                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1770                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    226777507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226777507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    226969807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226969807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    226969807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226969807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 318955.706048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318955.706048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 317884.883754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317884.883754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 317884.883754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317884.883754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              556.593439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              765427631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1374196.824057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.593439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       146733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        146733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       146733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         146733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       146733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        146733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18185200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18185200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18185200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18185200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18185200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18185200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       146749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       146749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       146749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       146749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       146749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1136575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1136575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1136575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1136575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1136575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1136575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17282347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17282347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17282347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17282347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17282347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17282347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1234453.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1234453.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1234453.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1234453.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1234453.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1234453.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  986                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              287972393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             231861.830113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   103.625816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   152.374184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.404788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.595212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       374895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        374895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       204757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       204757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       579652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         579652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       579652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        579652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1930397801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1930397801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1930397801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1930397801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1930397801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1930397801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       378532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       378532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       204757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       204757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       583289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       583289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       583289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       583289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530766.511136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 530766.511136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530766.511136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 530766.511136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530766.511136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 530766.511136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    507654627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507654627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    507654627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507654627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    507654627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507654627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 513820.472672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513820.472672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 513820.472672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513820.472672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 513820.472672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513820.472672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              548.041842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              643101166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1169274.847273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.997569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.044272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.036855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       160944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       160944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         160944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       160944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        160944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47149597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47149597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47149597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47149597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47149597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47149597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       160977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       160977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       160977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       160977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       160977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1428775.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1428775.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1428775.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1428775.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1428775.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1428775.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40309016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40309016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40309016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40309016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40309016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40309016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1679542.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1679542.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1679542.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1679542.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1679542.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1679542.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  711                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              150655299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             155796.586350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   161.580423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    94.419577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.631174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.368826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       220527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        49577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       270104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         270104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       270104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        270104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1065152756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1065152756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1268534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1268534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1066421290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1066421290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1066421290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1066421290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       222984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       222984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        49592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       272576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       272576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 433517.605210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 433517.605210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84568.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84568.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 431400.198220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431400.198220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 431400.198220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431400.198220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    233753281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233753281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    233945581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233945581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    233945581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233945581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 330160.001412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330160.001412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 329037.385373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329037.385373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 329037.385373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329037.385373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              548.113610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              643100577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1169273.776364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.069753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.043857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.036971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.841416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       160355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       160355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         160355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       160355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        160355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52636244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52636244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52636244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     52636244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52636244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     52636244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       160390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       160390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       160390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       160390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       160390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1503892.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1503892.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1503892.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1503892.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1503892.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1503892.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     44900294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44900294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     44900294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44900294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     44900294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44900294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1870845.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1870845.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1870845.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1870845.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1870845.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1870845.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  710                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              150654955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             155957.510352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   162.326549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    93.673451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.634088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.365912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       220381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        49379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       269760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         269760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       269760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        269760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1056656890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1056656890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1267061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1267061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1057923951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1057923951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1057923951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1057923951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       222824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       222824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        49394                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49394                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       272218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       272218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 432524.310274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 432524.310274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84470.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84470.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 430400.305533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430400.305533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 430400.305533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430400.305533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    237599352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    237599352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    237791652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    237791652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    237791652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    237791652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336066.975955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336066.975955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334917.819718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334917.819718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334917.819718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334917.819718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              550.191497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              643101626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1165039.177536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.146499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.044998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.040299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       161404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       161404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         161404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       161404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        161404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75840157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75840157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75840157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75840157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75840157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75840157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       161440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       161440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       161440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       161440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       161440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2106671.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2106671.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2106671.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2106671.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2106671.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2106671.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68909149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68909149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68909149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68909149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68909149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68909149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2650351.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2650351.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2650351.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2650351.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2650351.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2650351.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  712                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              150656210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             155636.580579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   161.455490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    94.544510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.630686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.369314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       220919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        50096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        50096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       271015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         271015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       271015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        271015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1043124523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1043124523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1265156                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1265156                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1044389679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1044389679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1044389679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1044389679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       223380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        50111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        50111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       273491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       273491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       273491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       273491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 423862.057294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423862.057294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84343.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84343.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 421805.201535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 421805.201535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 421805.201535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 421805.201535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    239605279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    239605279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    239797579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    239797579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    239797579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    239797579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337948.207334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337948.207334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336794.352528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336794.352528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336794.352528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336794.352528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              469.751915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              749898622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1568825.569038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.751915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.023641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       172147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        172147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       172147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         172147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       172147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        172147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71620230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71620230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71620230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71620230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71620230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71620230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       172179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       172179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       172179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       172179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       172179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2238132.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2238132.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2238132.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2238132.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2238132.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2238132.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45051598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45051598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45051598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45051598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45051598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45051598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1958765.130435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1958765.130435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1958765.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1958765.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1958765.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1958765.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              108919675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             150441.540055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   137.439620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   118.560380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.536874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.463126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       136097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        136097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       100122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       100122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       236219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         236219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       236219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        236219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    234731265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    234731265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1077851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    235809116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    235809116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    235809116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    235809116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       137307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       100134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       237441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       237441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       237441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       237441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 193992.780992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193992.780992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89820.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89820.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 192969.816694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192969.816694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 192969.816694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192969.816694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    102273799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102273799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       208391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    102482190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102482190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    102482190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102482190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 219943.653763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219943.653763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69463.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69463.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 218979.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218979.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 218979.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218979.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
