
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001081                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1080617553                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400282758981                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 433491                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   563415                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  39699                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67617488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 27220.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11799760250                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15336355606                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        43904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        26496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        76800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        44928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        76928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        15104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        45824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        15616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        26112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        44544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               577280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           42624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       218496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            218496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2842819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     22979453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3671974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     40628620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1302959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     15398602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1302959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14924799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1302959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14332545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3079720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24519313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1539860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     71070472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3790425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     41576226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1539860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     71188923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1302959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13977193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3198171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     17293815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2961270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24637764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3671974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     42405382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1302959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14450996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2961270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24163961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3671974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     41220874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               534213051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2842819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3671974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1302959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1302959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1302959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3079720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1539860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3790425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1539860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1302959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3198171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2961270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3671974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1302959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2961270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3671974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           39444112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         202195494                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              202195494                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         202195494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2842819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     22979453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3671974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     40628620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1302959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     15398602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1302959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14924799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1302959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14332545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3079720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24519313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1539860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     71070472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3790425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     41576226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1539860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     71188923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1302959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13977193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3198171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     17293815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2961270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24637764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3671974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     42405382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1302959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14450996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2961270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24163961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3671974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     41220874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              736408545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2591410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210162                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172050                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22335                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86480                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79709                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21334                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1024                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2007119                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1200019                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210162                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101043                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262274                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        66476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125280                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22051                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2377583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2115309     88.97%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27837      1.17%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32358      1.36%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17740      0.75%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          19879      0.84%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11665      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7719      0.32%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20840      0.88%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         124236      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2377583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081099                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.463076                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1990106                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        84143                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259820                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2194                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41316                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34171                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          399                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1464555                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2166                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41316                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1993772                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         16260                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        58501                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258364                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9366                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1462244                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2078                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2033777                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6806762                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6806762                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         330671                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          225                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           27198                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140643                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75446                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1868                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15791                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458210                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1368362                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1999                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       201560                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       472260                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           57                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2377583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1802064     75.79%     75.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230802      9.71%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124498      5.24%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86158      3.62%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75337      3.17%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38674      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9472      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6084      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4494      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2377583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           360     11.82%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1328     43.60%     55.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145566     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21312      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126626      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74692      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1368362                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.528038                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3046                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002226                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5119351                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1660206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1343295                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371408                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3391                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27762                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2380                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41316                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         11380                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1458611                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140643                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75446                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          226                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          849                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12090                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13143                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25233                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346282                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118456                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193108                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187688                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74652                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.519517                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1343386                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1343295                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          799448                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2094940                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.518365                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381609                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231727                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22286                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2336267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1834939     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232660      9.96%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97357      4.17%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58540      2.51%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40175      1.72%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26386      1.13%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13803      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10809      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21598      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2336267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21598                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3773272                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2958567                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                213827                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.591405                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.591405                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.385891                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.385891                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6070714                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1866840                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1364918                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2591410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         201572                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181665                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12510                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91752                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69984                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10789                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2118853                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1266012                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            201572                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        80773                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              249091                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         39696                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        55872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          123420                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12368                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2450698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2201607     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           8580      0.35%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17994      0.73%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           7380      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          40705      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          36745      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6859      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          14932      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         115896      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2450698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077785                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.488542                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2105881                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        69308                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          247980                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          869                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        26656                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        17670                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1482594                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1396                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        26656                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2108904                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         48170                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        13230                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          245929                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         7805                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1480372                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3109                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents            5                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1743700                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6965901                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6965901                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1507884                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         235779                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          188                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          105                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           21808                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       347835                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       174713                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1596                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8538                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1475116                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          192                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1407228                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1123                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       135386                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       328456                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2450698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950370     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150179      6.13%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123044      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52851      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67374      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64992      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37100      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2952      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1836      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2450698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3484     10.91%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27627     86.47%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          837      2.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883955     62.82%     62.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12129      0.86%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337120     23.96%     87.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       173941     12.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1407228                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.543036                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31948                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022703                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5298218                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1610759                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1392945                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1439176                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2588                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17293                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1984                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        26656                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         44067                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1834                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1475317                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       347835                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174713                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1205                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6526                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7763                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        14289                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1395880                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335769                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             509655                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         182490                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           173886                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.538657                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1393094                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1392945                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          753037                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1483061                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.537524                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507759                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1121512                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1317352                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       158062                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          174                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        12542                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2424042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1946036     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174644      7.20%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81857      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80825      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21735      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94217      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7125      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5080      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12523      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2424042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1121512                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1317352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               503268                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              330539                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           173876                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1171239                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12626                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        12523                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3886920                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2977525                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 48076                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                140712                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1121512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1317352                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1121512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.310640                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.310640                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.432781                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.432781                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6897318                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1620537                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1760283                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2591410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         234394                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195338                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22996                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89573                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83912                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24782                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2031052                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1284554                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            234394                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       108694                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              266959                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         65007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        66666                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          127795                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21921                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2406508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2139549     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          16240      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20113      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          32699      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          13425      0.56%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          17857      0.74%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          20355      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           9723      0.40%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         136547      5.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2406508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090450                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.495697                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2019141                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        79946                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          265607                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        41648                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        35379                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1569785                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        41648                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2021629                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          6227                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        67613                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          263249                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6135                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1559372                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2178282                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7246463                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7246463                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1787265                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         391009                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           22131                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       147254                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        75257                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        17171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1520364                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1447247                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206229                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433421                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2406508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1794823     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       277840     11.55%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114319      4.75%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64266      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86235      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27376      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26529      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13983      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1137      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2406508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9979     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     10.89%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1302     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1219844     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19569      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132712      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74944      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1447247                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.558479                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12660                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008748                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5315395                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1726964                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1406923                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1459907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31093                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        41648                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          4735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          639                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1520729                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147254                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75257                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          560                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12924                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13428                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        26352                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1420082                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130054                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             204978                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         200152                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            74924                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.547996                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1406938                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1406923                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          842754                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2264753                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.542918                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1039600                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1281178                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239555                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        23022                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2364860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1821710     77.03%     77.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275773     11.66%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100091      4.23%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49589      2.10%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45123      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19176      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19035      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9030      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25333      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2364860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1039600                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1281178                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               190039                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              116161                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           185660                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1153574                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        26482                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        25333                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3860260                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3083119                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 32744                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                184902                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1039600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1281178                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1039600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.492699                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.492699                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.401172                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.401172                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6386819                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1968262                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1449260                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2591410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         234214                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22986                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89495                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83834                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24761                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1059                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2029394                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1283610                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            234214                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       108595                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              266745                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         64984                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        68146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          127700                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21911                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2406103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2139358     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          16220      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20088      0.83%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          32682      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          13413      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          17840      0.74%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          20336      0.85%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9714      0.40%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         136452      5.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2406103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090381                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.495333                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2017508                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        81401                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          265393                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        41635                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        35345                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1568594                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        41635                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2019994                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          6249                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        69052                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          263037                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6129                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1558181                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2176749                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7240864                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7240864                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1785838                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         390906                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           22111                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       147128                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        75167                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          803                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        17162                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1519181                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1446089                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206153                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433260                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2406103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1794935     74.60%     74.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       277595     11.54%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114215      4.75%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64209      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86166      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27365      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26512      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13972      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1134      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2406103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9971     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1378     10.90%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1298     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1218910     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19565      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132586      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74851      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1446089                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.558032                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12647                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5312661                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1725705                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1405778                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1458736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          943                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31082                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        41635                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          4758                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1519546                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147128                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75167                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12918                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13423                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        26341                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1418927                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129929                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             204759                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         199983                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            74830                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.547550                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1405793                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1405778                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          842111                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2262913                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.542476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372136                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1038729                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1280072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239477                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        23012                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2364468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1821781     77.05%     77.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275541     11.65%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100002      4.23%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49547      2.10%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45084      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19161      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19022      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9027      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25303      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2364468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1038729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1280072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               189828                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              116046                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           185499                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1152577                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        26459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        25303                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3858714                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3080739                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32723                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                185307                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1038729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1280072                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1038729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.494789                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.494789                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.400835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.400835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6381607                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1966795                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1448128                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2591410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         234494                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195366                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22926                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88920                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83500                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24702                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2031795                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1285608                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            234494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       108202                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              267001                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         64887                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        67459                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          127766                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21857                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2408036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2141035     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          16250      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20267      0.84%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          32614      1.35%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          13357      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          17663      0.73%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          20182      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9647      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         137021      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2408036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090489                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.496104                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2019731                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        80904                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          265653                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          147                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41598                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        35455                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1570753                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41598                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2022293                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          6163                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        68609                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          263208                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6158                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1560007                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2179847                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7248999                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7248999                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1788825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         391020                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           22658                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       147174                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        75374                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          865                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        17207                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521426                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1447630                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1812                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206214                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434789                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2408036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1795955     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278335     11.56%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114474      4.75%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64047      2.66%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86040      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27350      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26729      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13926      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1180      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2408036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10129     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1362     10.64%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1304     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220369     84.30%     84.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19584      1.35%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132492      9.15%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75007      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1447630                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.558626                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12795                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5317902                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1728011                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407806                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1460425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          923                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30908                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1441                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41598                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          4734                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          644                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1521791                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147174                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75374                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          558                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12739                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13507                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26246                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1420690                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129859                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26939                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             204845                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         200381                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            74986                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.548230                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1407822                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1407806                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          843040                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2264463                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.543259                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372291                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1040487                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1282272                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239521                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22952                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2366438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1822813     77.03%     77.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276094     11.67%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99997      4.23%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49676      2.10%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45250      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19122      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19149      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9044      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25293      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2366438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1040487                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1282272                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               190195                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              116266                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           185831                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1154541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        26500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        25293                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3862938                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3085191                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32679                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                183374                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1040487                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1282272                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1040487                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.490574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.490574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.401514                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.401514                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6389054                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1969729                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1450424                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2591409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         195304                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175567                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17060                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132479                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128736                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10661                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          532                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2072173                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1112502                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            195304                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       139397                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              247200                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         56735                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        32108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          126659                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16525                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2391054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2143854     89.66%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          38564      1.61%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18265      0.76%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          38059      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          10686      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          35600      1.49%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5128      0.21%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8431      0.35%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          92467      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2391054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075366                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.429304                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2032805                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        72241                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          246534                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        39193                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        17208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1234855                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1670                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        39193                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2037456                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         46147                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        13292                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          242538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12425                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1232176                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        10603                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1606006                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5569378                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5569378                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1266025                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         339961                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           24656                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       231316                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        33256                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         7403                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1223846                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134136                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1140                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       245485                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       516732                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2391054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1893782     79.20%     79.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153126      6.40%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170213      7.12%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97945      4.10%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48741      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12660      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13932      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          347      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          308      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2391054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1908     57.54%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          790     23.82%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          618     18.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883788     77.93%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8171      0.72%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209310     18.46%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32793      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134136                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.437652                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3316                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4663782                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1469516                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1102699                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1137452                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          897                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1269                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        39193                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         27345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1465                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1224014                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231316                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33256                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          375                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10626                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7352                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        17978                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1118863                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206105                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15273                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             238875                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         170428                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            32770                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.431759                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1103106                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1102699                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          669720                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1425503                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.425521                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.469813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       874335                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       976171                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       247890                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        16767                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2351861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1992782     84.73%     84.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138180      5.88%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91419      3.89%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28095      1.19%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49311      2.10%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8862      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5725      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4932      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32555      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2351861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       874335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       976171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               212227                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              180240                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           150652                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          850347                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        32555                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3543354                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2487364                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 47901                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                200355                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            874335                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              976171                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       874335                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.963863                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.963863                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.337398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.337398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5212225                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1429573                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1322498                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2591410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         200911                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163803                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21380                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81557                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76747                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20030                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          935                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1954220                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1189272                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            200911                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        96777                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              244245                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         66820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        62946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          122042                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21466                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2306084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2061839     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          12927      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20555      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          31086      1.35%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          12853      0.56%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          14771      0.64%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          15521      0.67%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          11128      0.48%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         125404      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2306084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077530                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.458929                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1929300                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        88555                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          242443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1435                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        44350                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        32614                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          324                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1442971                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1058                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        44350                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1934310                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         42771                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        30487                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          238993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        15164                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1439739                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         7828                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          905                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1969968                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6712652                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6712652                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1624071                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         345883                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          311                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          163                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           44794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       146095                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        80413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3993                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        15547                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1434686                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          311                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1339226                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2066                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220404                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       508586                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2306084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1735344     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231469     10.04%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128125      5.56%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84077      3.65%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        76615      3.32%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23464      1.02%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17289      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5846      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3855      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2306084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           380     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1451     43.16%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1531     45.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1102709     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24658      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          148      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132801      9.92%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78910      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1339226                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.516794                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3362                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002510                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4989964                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1655459                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1314399                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1342588                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6344                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31021                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5066                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1074                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        44350                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         31169                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1676                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1434997                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146095                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          163                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          875                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11709                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13120                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24829                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1319568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125817                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             204562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         178889                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            78745                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.509209                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1314529                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1314399                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          777673                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1973889                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.507214                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.393980                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       973388                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1186996                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249205                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          296                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21782                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2261734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1780982     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       228886     10.12%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95166      4.21%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48379      2.14%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36427      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20609      0.91%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12863      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10666      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27756      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2261734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       973388                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1186996                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               190421                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              115074                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           164777                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1073248                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        23167                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        27756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3670179                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2916762                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 34975                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                285326                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            973388                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1186996                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       973388                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.662258                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.662258                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.375621                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.375621                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5989948                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1796318                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1366183                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2591410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         202119                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182150                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12347                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78420                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69992                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10833                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          543                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2117481                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1268497                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            202119                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        80825                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              249642                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         39531                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        57281                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          123272                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12211                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2451284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2201642     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           8647      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          18132      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           7364      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          40812      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          36693      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6695      0.27%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          14907      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         116392      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2451284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077996                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.489501                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2104619                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        70613                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          248539                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          859                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        26650                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        17746                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          230                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1485919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1415                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        26650                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2107592                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         48416                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        14443                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          246544                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         7635                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1483757                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           24                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1747989                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6981857                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6981857                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1511111                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         236878                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          183                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          100                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           21387                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       348220                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       174764                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1613                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8438                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1478546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          186                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1409507                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       137797                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       334936                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2451284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950387     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150006      6.12%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123273      5.03%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53144      2.17%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67516      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        65002      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37067      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3065      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1824      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2451284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3545     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27611     86.32%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          831      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       885869     62.85%     62.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12191      0.86%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337335     23.93%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174029     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1409507                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.543915                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31987                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5303382                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1616591                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1395075                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1441494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2583                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17481                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1906                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          123                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        26650                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         44423                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1885                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1478739                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           35                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       348220                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174764                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1254                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6319                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7847                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        14166                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1398040                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335876                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             509856                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         182801                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           173980                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.539490                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1395234                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1395075                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          754432                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1487458                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.538346                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507195                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1123368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1319651                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159192                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        12377                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2424634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1945905     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174896      7.21%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81859      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81044      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21801      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94274      3.89%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7210      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5089      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12556      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2424634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1123368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1319651                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               503597                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              330739                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           174212                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1173299                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12672                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        12556                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3890908                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2984351                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 47956                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                140126                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1123368                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1319651                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1123368                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.306822                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.306822                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.433497                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.433497                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6906732                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1623565                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1762898                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2591380                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         200776                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163668                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21337                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81878                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76504                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20070                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          929                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1955032                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1189640                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            200776                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        96574                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              243951                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         66578                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        62334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          122069                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21402                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2305781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2061830     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          12822      0.56%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20360      0.88%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          30963      1.34%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          12775      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          14863      0.64%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          15737      0.68%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          11259      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         125172      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2305781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077478                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.459076                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1930310                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        87738                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          242227                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1366                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        44139                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        32603                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1442523                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        44139                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1935231                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         41306                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        31119                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          238784                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        15193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1439555                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          633                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         7742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1227                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1969890                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6712672                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6712672                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1624963                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         344842                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          313                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          165                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           44093                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       145480                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        80577                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4029                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15595                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1434752                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1340159                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       219710                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       502476                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2305781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1734537     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231826     10.05%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128071      5.55%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84070      3.65%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        76806      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23595      1.02%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17173      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5880      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3823      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2305781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           372     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1425     42.51%     53.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1555     46.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1103673     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24706      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          148      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132488      9.89%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79144      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1340159                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.517160                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3352                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002501                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4991429                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654835                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1315648                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1343511                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6260                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30282                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5147                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1071                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        44139                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         29842                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1652                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1435065                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145480                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80577                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          165                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          889                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11561                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13163                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24724                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1320521                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125590                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19638                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             204579                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         178870                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            78989                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.509582                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1315736                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1315648                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          778789                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1976127                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.507702                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394099                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       974061                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1187754                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248396                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          296                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        21745                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2261642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1780430     78.72%     78.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       228989     10.12%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95296      4.21%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48605      2.15%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36392      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20764      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12813      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10732      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27621      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2261642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       974061                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1187754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               190608                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              115186                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           164842                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1073960                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23174                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        27621                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3670171                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2916531                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 34964                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                285599                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            974061                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1187754                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       974061                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.660388                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.660388                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.375885                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.375885                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5995115                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1797740                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1366836                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2591410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         234458                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195336                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22923                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88907                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83487                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24698                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2031438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1285410                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            234458                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       108185                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              266957                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         64881                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        67942                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          127745                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21853                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2408115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2141158     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          16247      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20263      0.84%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          32604      1.35%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13357      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          17662      0.73%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          20179      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9647      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         136998      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2408115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090475                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.496027                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2019378                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        81382                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          265610                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          147                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        41595                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        35449                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1570513                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        41595                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2021940                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          6170                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        69082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          263164                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6157                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1559759                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          773                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4269                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2179491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7247837                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7247837                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1788441                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         391012                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           22652                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       147150                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        75360                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          865                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        17201                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521162                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1447362                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1812                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206214                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434789                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2408115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1796150     74.59%     74.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278277     11.56%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114456      4.75%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64033      2.66%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86027      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27348      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26722      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13922      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1180      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2408115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10127     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1362     10.65%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1304     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220144     84.30%     84.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19576      1.35%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132468      9.15%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74996      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1447362                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.558523                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12793                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5317443                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1727747                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407539                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1460155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          923                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30908                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1441                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        41595                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4742                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          643                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1521527                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147150                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75360                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          557                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12737                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13506                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        26243                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1420423                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129835                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26938                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             204811                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         200343                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            74976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.548127                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1407555                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1407539                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          842865                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2264026                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.543156                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372286                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1040269                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1282009                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239518                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22949                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2366520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1823004     77.03%     77.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276042     11.66%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99976      4.22%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49667      2.10%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45238      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19116      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19146      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9042      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25289      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2366520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1040269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1282009                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               190161                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              116242                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           185793                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1154304                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        26494                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        25289                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3862758                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3084666                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32675                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                183295                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1040269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1282009                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1040269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.491096                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.491096                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.401430                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.401430                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6387835                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1969340                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1450198                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2591410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         213813                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175014                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22660                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86498                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81654                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21595                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1029                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2051264                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1196101                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            213813                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       103249                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              248142                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         62846                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        46710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          127068                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22506                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2386017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2137875     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11475      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17866      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          23947      1.00%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          25584      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          21638      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          11580      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          18262      0.77%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         117790      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2386017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082508                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461564                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2030601                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        67824                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          247531                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          361                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39693                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        34940                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1465793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39693                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2036570                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         13175                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        41630                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          241943                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12997                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1464501                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1583                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5795                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2043905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6809030                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6809030                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1739359                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         304519                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           40954                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       137889                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        73468                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          837                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        17890                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1461666                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1378300                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          296                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       179869                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       435048                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2386017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1803560     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239066     10.02%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121393      5.09%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91671      3.84%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71996      3.02%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28817      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18575      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9596      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1343      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2386017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           283     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          912     37.19%     48.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1257     51.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1159786     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20449      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124809      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73085      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1378300                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.531873                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2452                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001779                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5145364                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1641906                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1355399                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1380752                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2715                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24775                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39693                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         10441                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1143                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1462027                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       137889                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73468                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          970                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12379                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13454                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        25833                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1357542                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117341                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20757                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             190407                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         192436                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            73066                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523862                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1355477                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1355399                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          778954                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2100098                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.523035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370913                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1014121                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1248000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214025                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        22721                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2346324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1833791     78.16%     78.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254289     10.84%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96010      4.09%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45408      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38519      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22441      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19537      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8668      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27661      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2346324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1014121                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1248000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               185094                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              113111                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           179947                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1124465                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        25715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        27661                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3780675                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2963767                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32900                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                205393                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1014121                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1248000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1014121                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.555326                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.555326                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391339                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391339                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6107799                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1889460                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1358344                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2591410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         195230                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175414                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17186                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132367                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128514                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10659                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          533                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2071516                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1112065                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            195230                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       139173                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              247048                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         57139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        32016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          126745                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16661                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2390430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2143382     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          38390      1.61%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18344      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          37932      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          10783      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          35444      1.48%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5188      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8476      0.35%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          92491      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2390430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075337                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.429135                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2032427                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        71850                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          246412                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          267                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39471                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17300                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1235067                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1666                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39471                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2037018                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         45794                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        13362                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          242461                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        12321                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1232443                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1000                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        10530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1606875                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5571674                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5571674                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1264075                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         342777                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           24484                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       231220                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        33333                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          297                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7413                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1224097                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1133488                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1123                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       247358                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521861                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2390430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1893572     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153191      6.41%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       169695      7.10%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97897      4.10%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48776      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12653      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13981      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          359      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          306      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2390430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1905     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          805     24.17%     81.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          620     18.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883530     77.95%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8188      0.72%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       208879     18.43%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32817      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1133488                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.437402                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3330                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002938                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4661859                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471642                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1101806                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1136818                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          902                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51464                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1346                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39471                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         27183                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1482                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1224266                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          172                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231220                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33333                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          407                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10712                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7456                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        18168                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1118045                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       205727                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             238521                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         170304                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            32794                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.431443                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1102185                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1101806                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          669020                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1425522                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.425176                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.469316                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       872689                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       974525                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249788                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16894                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2350959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1992436     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138090      5.87%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91309      3.88%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27924      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49144      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8796      0.37%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5822      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4947      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32491      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2350959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       872689                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       974525                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               211738                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              179751                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           150379                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          848974                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        32491                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3542768                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2488149                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 47982                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                200980                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            872689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              974525                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       872689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.969454                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.969454                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.336762                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.336762                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5207670                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1428710                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1321639                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2591410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         201597                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181621                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12463                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87335                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69919                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10845                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          551                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2117990                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1267348                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            201597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        80764                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              249408                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         39823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        54741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          123373                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12317                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2449193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2199785     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           8673      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          18077      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           7354      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          40699      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          36645      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6894      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          14869      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         116197      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2449193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077794                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.489057                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2104958                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        68235                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          248331                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          839                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        26826                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        17736                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1484496                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1408                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        26826                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2107923                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         46693                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        13728                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          246319                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         7700                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1482350                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2762                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           81                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1746126                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6975738                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6975738                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1508025                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         238095                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          182                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           21404                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       348179                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       174834                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1564                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8649                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1477131                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          185                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1408693                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       137342                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       332126                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2449193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948499     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150047      6.13%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123201      5.03%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53028      2.17%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67509      2.76%     95.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        65049      2.66%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37001      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2999      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1860      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2449193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3505     10.98%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27599     86.42%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          832      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       885166     62.84%     62.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12179      0.86%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337260     23.94%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174005     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1408693                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.543601                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31936                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5299596                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1614716                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1394178                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1440629                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2530                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17631                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2102                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        26826                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         42704                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1844                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1477325                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       348179                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174834                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           99                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1237                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6460                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7826                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        14286                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1397142                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335863                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             509815                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         182569                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           173952                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.539144                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1394306                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1394178                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          754183                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1485608                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.538000                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507659                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1121595                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1317451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159956                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        12497                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2422367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1944173     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174870      7.22%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81735      3.37%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81005      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21632      0.89%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94204      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7165      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5106      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12477      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2422367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1121595                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1317451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               503276                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              330544                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           173890                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1171328                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        12628                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        12477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3887284                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2981664                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 48020                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                142217                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1121595                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1317451                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1121595                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.310469                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.310469                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.432813                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.432813                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6902970                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1622032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1761729                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2591410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         234430                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195372                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22999                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89585                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83922                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24786                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2031257                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1284750                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            234430                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       108708                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              266998                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         65017                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        67582                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          127810                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21924                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2407675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2140677     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          16240      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20116      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          32703      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          13428      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          17859      0.74%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          20359      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9724      0.40%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         136569      5.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2407675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090464                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.495773                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2019360                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        80847                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          265647                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        41655                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        35381                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1570036                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        41655                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2021849                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          6271                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        68468                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          263287                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         6138                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1559630                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2178638                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7247662                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7247662                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1787464                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         391136                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           22136                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       147275                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        75265                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        17171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1520554                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1447419                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206264                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433493                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2407675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1795920     74.59%     74.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       277874     11.54%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114327      4.75%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64270      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86253      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27376      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26533      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13985      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1137      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2407675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9980     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     10.89%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1302     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1219989     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19573      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132727      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74952      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1447419                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.558545                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12661                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5316903                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1727189                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407084                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1460080                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31099                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        41655                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          4781                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1520919                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147275                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75265                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12925                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13429                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        26354                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1420244                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130070                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             205002                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         200173                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            74932                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.548058                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1407099                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1407084                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          842854                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2265023                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.542980                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1039713                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1281317                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239590                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        23025                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2366020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1822809     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275805     11.66%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100104      4.23%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49594      2.10%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45127      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19177      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19036      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9031      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25337      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2366020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1039713                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1281317                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               190059                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              116173                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           185680                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1153698                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        26484                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        25337                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3861590                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3083498                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32748                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                183735                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1039713                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1281317                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1039713                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.492428                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.492428                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.401215                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.401215                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6387560                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1968487                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1449473                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2591410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         195254                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175425                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17185                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132532                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128643                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10650                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          528                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2071359                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1112470                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            195254                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       139293                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              247216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         57173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        32920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          126737                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16648                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2391381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2144165     89.66%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          38445      1.61%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18414      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          37990      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          10743      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          35495      1.48%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5081      0.21%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8559      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          92489      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2391381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075347                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.429291                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2031488                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        73571                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          246543                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          268                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39508                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        17288                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1235275                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39508                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2036191                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         46925                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        13759                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          242514                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        12481                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1232491                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        10706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1606567                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5571865                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5571865                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1264036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         342505                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           24587                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       231123                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        33355                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          323                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         7417                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1223921                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1133223                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1147                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       247160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521829                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2391381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1894567     79.22%     79.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153240      6.41%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       169756      7.10%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97685      4.08%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48794      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12729      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13978      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          329      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          303      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2391381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1907     57.60%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          788     23.80%     81.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          616     18.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883221     77.94%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8189      0.72%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       208906     18.43%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32833      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1133223                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.437300                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3311                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4662283                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471266                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1101769                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1136534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          918                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51377                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1368                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39508                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         27789                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1535                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1224090                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231123                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33355                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          419                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10754                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7374                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        18128                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1117841                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       205648                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15380                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             238458                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         170286                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            32810                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.431364                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1102169                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1101769                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          668790                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1424675                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.425162                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.469433                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       872655                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       974491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249651                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16894                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2351873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1993338     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       137962      5.87%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91363      3.88%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28018      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49186      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8851      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5777      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4936      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32442      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2351873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       872655                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       974491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               211726                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              179739                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           150375                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          848944                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        32442                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3543560                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2487845                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 47990                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                200029                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            872655                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              974491                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       872655                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.969570                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.969570                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.336749                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.336749                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5206972                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1428380                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1322146                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2591410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         201734                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181774                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12427                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93724                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70012                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10779                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          561                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2117873                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1267199                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            201734                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        80791                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              249380                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         39603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        54729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          123349                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12299                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2448856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2199476     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           8593      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          18167      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           7391      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          40702      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          36666      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           6790      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          14923      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         116148      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2448856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077847                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.489000                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2105097                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        67974                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          248276                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          858                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        26647                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        17715                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1484161                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1396                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        26647                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2107991                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         46885                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        13442                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          246349                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         7538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1481909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3002                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           13                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1745633                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6973699                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6973699                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1509309                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         236324                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          182                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           21052                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       347978                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       174793                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1629                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8539                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1476659                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          185                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1408099                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1038                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       136494                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       331975                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2448856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948109     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150141      6.13%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123507      5.04%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52884      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67283      2.75%     95.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        65095      2.66%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37014      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2983      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1840      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2448856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3461     10.85%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27610     86.54%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          834      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884806     62.84%     62.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12157      0.86%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337060     23.94%     87.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       173993     12.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1408099                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.543372                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5297997                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1613396                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1393805                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1440004                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2554                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17363                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2017                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        26647                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         42735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1901                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1476855                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           33                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       347978                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174793                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           99                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1268                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7821                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        14279                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1396683                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335708                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             509640                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         182659                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           173932                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.538966                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1393951                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1393805                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          753962                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1485414                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.537856                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507577                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1122329                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       158607                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        12462                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2422209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1943749     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174801      7.22%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81903      3.38%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81107      3.35%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21672      0.89%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94208      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7181      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5103      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12485      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2422209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1122329                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1318343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               503391                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              330615                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           174023                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1172123                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        12644                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        12485                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3886661                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2980556                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 48039                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                142554                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1122329                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1318343                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1122329                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.308958                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.308958                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.433096                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.433096                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6900724                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1621734                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1761487                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4525                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32749.680205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           653900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          17.540707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1113.209956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.251244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   113.835567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.575427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   195.889976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.765498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    60.955610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    10.763820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    60.305391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    10.764510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    57.988882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.544643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   113.726730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.659271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   268.519672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.237860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   200.822431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.634516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   265.342950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    10.764640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    57.347031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.667403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    69.084809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.808125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   113.834753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.660250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   201.820685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    10.765001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    58.874586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.516930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   113.114228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.585878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   198.014190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1741.571470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2180.763112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1101.000209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1107.396087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1107.958271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          2030.076095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2891.971023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2147.652590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2889.627679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1118.206769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1357.778208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2001.599634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2167.394383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1125.503745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2046.173608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2185.354858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.033972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.003474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.005978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.001860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.001840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.001770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.003471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.008195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.006129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.008098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.001750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.003474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.006159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.001797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.006043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.053149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.066552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.033600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.033795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.033812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.061953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.088256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.065541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.088184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.034125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.041436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.061084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.066144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.034348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.062444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.066692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2392                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2392                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          386                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          500                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          500                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          496                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5938                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          343                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          600                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          351                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          602                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          118                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          208                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          204                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4511                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3620925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29207472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4586788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     52256664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1746173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19355035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1730101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19505266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1733490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     18184880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3868075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     31073457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2011516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     82688905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5035617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53757892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1931611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81747750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1610668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     18077481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4158730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22030623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3770511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31519175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4867365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     53993277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1570365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18470319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3751832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     30904014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4874853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52704608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       666345438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       149051                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8423995                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8449032                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       140065                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      17162143                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3620925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29356523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4586788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     52256664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1746173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19355035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1730101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19505266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1733490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     18184880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3868075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     31073457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2011516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     91112900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5035617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53757892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1931611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90196782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1610668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     18077481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4158730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22030623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3770511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31519175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4867365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     53993277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1570365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18470319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3751832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     31044079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4874853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52704608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        683507581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3620925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29356523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4586788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     52256664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1746173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19355035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1730101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19505266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1733490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     18184880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3868075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     31073457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2011516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     91112900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5035617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53757892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1931611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90196782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1610668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     18077481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4158730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22030623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3770511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31519175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4867365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     53993277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1570365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18470319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3751832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     31044079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4874853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52704608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       683507581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2392                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2392                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.335069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.330601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.366372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.518625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.413915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.521531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.322404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.367491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.424674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.413793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.426409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.816901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.406398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.330601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.543478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.412456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.546279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.322404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.365000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.365554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.423168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.412322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.431716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.406398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.330601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.543478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.412456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.546279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.322404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.365000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.365554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.423168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.412322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.431716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150871.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151334.051813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147960.903226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152351.790087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       158743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 148884.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157281.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 154803.698413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       157590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150288.264463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148772.115385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150113.318841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       154732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152281.593002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157363.031250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153156.387464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148585.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149995.871560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146424.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 153198.991525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154027.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150894.678082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150820.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151534.495192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157011.774194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150819.209497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 142760.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151396.057377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150073.280000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152236.522167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157253.322581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151450.022989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151614.434130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       149051                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 147789.385965                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 148228.631579                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       140065                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147949.508621                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150871.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151322.283505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147960.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152351.790087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       158743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 148884.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157281.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 154803.698413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       157590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150288.264463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148772.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150113.318841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       154732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151854.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157363.031250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153156.387464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148585.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149828.541528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146424.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 153198.991525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154027.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150894.678082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150820.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151534.495192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157011.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150819.209497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 142760.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151396.057377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150073.280000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152176.857843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157253.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151450.022989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151520.190867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150871.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151322.283505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147960.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152351.790087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       158743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 148884.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157281.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 154803.698413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       157590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150288.264463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148772.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150113.318841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       154732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151854.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157363.031250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153156.387464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148585.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149828.541528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146424.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 153198.991525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154027.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150894.678082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150820.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151534.495192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157011.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150819.209497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 142760.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151396.057377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150073.280000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152176.857843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157253.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151450.022989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151520.190867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1707                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1707                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            116                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2222221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17969296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2783565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     32305337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1108538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11790704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1090723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12171008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1095169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11144556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2357169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19014677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1254592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     51065100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3178673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33347324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1175794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     50092766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       968981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     11209454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2586804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13532409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2316957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19413152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3065922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     33178503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       929302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11366903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2294779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     19081567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3074173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     32454784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    410640902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        90530                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5103192                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5128744                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        82190                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10404656                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2222221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     18059826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2783565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     32305337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1108538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11790704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1090723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12171008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1095169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11144556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2357169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19014677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1254592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     56168292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3178673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33347324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1175794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     55221510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       968981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     11209454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2586804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13532409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2316957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19413152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3065922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     33178503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       929302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11366903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2294779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     19163757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3074173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     32454784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    421045558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2222221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     18059826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2783565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     32305337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1108538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11790704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1090723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12171008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1095169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11144556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2357169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19014677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1254592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     56168292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3178673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33347324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1175794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     55221510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       968981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     11209454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2586804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13532409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2316957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19413152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3065922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     33178503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       929302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11366903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2294779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     19163757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3074173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     32454784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    421045558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.335069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.330601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.366372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.518625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.413915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.521531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.322404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.367491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.424674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.413793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.426409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.816901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.406398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.330601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.543478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.412456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.546279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.322404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.365000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.365554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.423168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.412322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.431716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.406398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.330601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.543478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.412456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.546279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.322404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.365000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.365554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.423168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.412322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.431716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92592.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93105.160622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 89792.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94184.655977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 100776.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90697.723077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99156.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 96595.301587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99560.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92103.768595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90660.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91858.342995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96507.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94042.541436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 99333.531250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95006.621083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90445.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91913.332110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88089.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94995.372881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95807.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92687.732877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92678.280000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93332.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98900.709677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92677.382682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst        84482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93171.336066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91791.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93997.866995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99166.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93260.873563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93433.652332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        90530                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89529.684211                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89977.964912                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        82190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89695.310345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92592.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93091.886598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 89792.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94184.655977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 100776.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90697.723077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99156.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 96595.301587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99560.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92103.768595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90660.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91858.342995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96507.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93613.820000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 99333.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95006.621083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90445.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91730.083056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88089.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94995.372881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95807.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92687.732877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92678.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93332.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98900.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92677.382682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst        84482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93171.336066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91791.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93939.985294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99166.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93260.873563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93337.521170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92592.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93091.886598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 89792.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94184.655977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 100776.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90697.723077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99156.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 96595.301587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99560.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92103.768595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90660.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91858.342995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96507.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93613.820000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 99333.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95006.621083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90445.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91730.083056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88089.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94995.372881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95807.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92687.732877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92678.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93332.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98900.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92677.382682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst        84482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93171.336066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91791.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93939.985294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99166.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93260.873563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93337.521170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.212930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.680473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.212930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4928393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4928393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4928393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4928393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4928393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4928393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149345.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149345.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149345.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149345.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149345.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149345.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3988137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3988137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3988137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3988137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3988137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3988137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159525.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159525.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159525.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159525.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159525.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159525.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141391.654306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   183.762940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    72.237060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.717824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.282176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    237683006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    237683006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7925801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7925801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    245608807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245608807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    245608807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245608807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122076.531073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122076.531073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121935.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121935.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122071.971670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122071.971670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122071.971670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122071.971670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     57132029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57132029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       349651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     57481680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57481680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     57481680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57481680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99187.550347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99187.550347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 87412.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87412.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99106.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99106.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99106.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99106.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              566.935132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              768706711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1336881.236522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    25.211652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.723479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.040403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       123379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       123379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         123379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       123379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        123379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6525583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6525583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6525583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6525583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6525583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6525583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       123420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       123420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       123420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       123420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       123420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159160.560976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159160.560976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159160.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159160.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159160.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159160.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5221216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5221216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5221216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5221216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5221216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5221216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       163163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       163163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       163163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       163163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       163163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       163163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  844                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              289307833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             263007.120909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.326911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.673089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.434871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.565129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       316960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        316960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       172540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       489500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         489500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       489500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        489500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    358325292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    358325292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1446890                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1446890                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    359772182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    359772182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    359772182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    359772182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       319936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       319936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       172550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       492486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       492486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120405.004032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120405.004032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       144689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       144689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120486.330208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120486.330208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120486.330208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120486.330208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     92422356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92422356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       440571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       440571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     92862927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92862927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     92862927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92862927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109895.785969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109895.785969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       146857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       146857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110027.164692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110027.164692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110027.164692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110027.164692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              465.764812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              753004033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1615888.482833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.764812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.017251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         127781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        127781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2309689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2309689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2309689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2309689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2309689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2309689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       127795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       127795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164977.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164977.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164977.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164977.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164977.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164977.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1942522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1942522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1942522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1942522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1942522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1942522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176592.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176592.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176592.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176592.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176592.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176592.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              109335708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             175780.881029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   129.711807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   126.288193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.506687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.493313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        99944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        73522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       173466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         173466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       173466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        173466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    102406104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102406104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    102406104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    102406104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    102406104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    102406104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       100888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        73522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       174410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       174410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108481.042373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108481.042373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108481.042373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108481.042373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108481.042373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108481.042373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36494409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36494409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36494409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36494409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36494409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36494409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99711.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99711.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99711.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99711.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99711.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99711.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              465.763136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              753003938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1615888.278970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    10.763136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.017249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         127686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        127686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2344509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2344509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2344509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2344509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2344509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2344509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       127700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       127700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 167464.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167464.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 167464.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167464.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 167464.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167464.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1923726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1923726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1923726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1923726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1923726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1923726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174884.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174884.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174884.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174884.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174884.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174884.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              109335513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             175780.567524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   129.595512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   126.404488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.506232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.493768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        99845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        73426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       173271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         173271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       173271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        173271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    104828451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104828451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    104828451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    104828451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    104828451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    104828451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       100789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        73426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       174215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       174215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111047.087924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111047.087924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111047.087924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111047.087924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111047.087924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111047.087924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     37348101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37348101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     37348101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37348101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     37348101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37348101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102043.991803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102043.991803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102043.991803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102043.991803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102043.991803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102043.991803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              465.763853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              753004004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1615888.420601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    10.763853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.017250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         127752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        127752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2286540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2286540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2286540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2286540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2286540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2286540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       127766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       127766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163324.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163324.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163324.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163324.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163324.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163324.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1896190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1896190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1896190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1896190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1896190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1896190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172380.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172380.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172380.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172380.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172380.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172380.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              109335575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             175780.667203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   129.733455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   126.266545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.506771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.493229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        99760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        73573                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73573                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       173333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         173333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       173333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        173333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    101604556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101604556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    101604556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    101604556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    101604556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    101604556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       100682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        73573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       174255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       174255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110200.169197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110200.169197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110200.169197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110200.169197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110200.169197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110200.169197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     36555386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36555386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     36555386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36555386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     36555386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36555386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99878.103825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99878.103825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99878.103825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99878.103825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99878.103825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99878.103825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              549.543573                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              646510187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1169096.179024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.428388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.115185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.039148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       126626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       126626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         126626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       126626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        126626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5012715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5012715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5012715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5012715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5012715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5012715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       126659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       126659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151900.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151900.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151900.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151900.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151900.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151900.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4311854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4311854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4311854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4311854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4311854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4311854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159698.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159698.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159698.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159698.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159698.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159698.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              151271260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             183581.626214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   151.636976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   104.363024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.592332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.407668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       189678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       221489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         221489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       221489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        221489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    212041779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    212041779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1442170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1442170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    213483949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    213483949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    213483949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    213483949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       191614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       223440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       223440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109525.712293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109525.712293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96144.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96144.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109422.833931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109422.833931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109422.833931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109422.833931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           54                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              54                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     58070053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58070053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       231074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       231074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     58301127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58301127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     58301127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58301127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102778.854867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102778.854867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 77024.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77024.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102642.829225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102642.829225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102642.829225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102642.829225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              502.658570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              753313871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1497641.890656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.658570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       122027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       122027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         122027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       122027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        122027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2451092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2451092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2451092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2451092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2451092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2451092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       122042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       122042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       122042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       122042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       122042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163406.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163406.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163406.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163406.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163406.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163406.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2123655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2123655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2123655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2123655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2123655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2123655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163358.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163358.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163358.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163358.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163358.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163358.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 1104                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125533262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             92303.869118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   193.093281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    62.906719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.754271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.245729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        92386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        74533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       166919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         166919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       166919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        166919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    331259339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    331259339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     74843747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74843747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    406103086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    406103086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    406103086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    406103086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        94894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        94894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        74953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       169847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       169847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       169847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       169847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005604                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005604                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132081.076156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132081.076156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 178199.397619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178199.397619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 138696.409153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138696.409153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 138696.409153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138696.409153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          521                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             521                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123819818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123819818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8993595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8993595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    132813413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132813413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    132813413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132813413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000760                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000760                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118261.526266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118261.526266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 157782.368421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157782.368421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120302.004529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120302.004529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120302.004529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120302.004529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              567.596522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              768706562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1334560.003472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.873491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.723030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.041464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       123230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       123230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         123230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       123230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        123230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7082993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7082993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7082993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7082993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7082993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7082993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       123272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       123272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       123272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       123272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       123272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168642.690476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168642.690476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168642.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168642.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168642.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168642.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5732292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5732292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5732292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5732292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5732292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5732292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173705.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173705.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173705.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173705.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173705.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173705.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  851                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              289308009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             261344.181572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.376680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.623320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.435065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.564935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       317015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       172670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       489685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         489685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       489685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        489685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         3003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         3003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    362816061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    362816061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       867734                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       867734                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    363683795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    363683795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    363683795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    363683795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       320008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       320008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       172680                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172680                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       492688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       492688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121221.537254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121221.537254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86773.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86773.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121106.824842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121106.824842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121106.824842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121106.824842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     94085864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94085864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       239227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       239227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     94325091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94325091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     94325091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94325091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110950.311321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110950.311321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 79742.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79742.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110840.294947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110840.294947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110840.294947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110840.294947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              502.633815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              753313899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1497641.946322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.633815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.020246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       122055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       122055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         122055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       122055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        122055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2255684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2255684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2255684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2255684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2255684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2255684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       122069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       122069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       122069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       122069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       122069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161120.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161120.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161120.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161120.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161120.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161120.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2042424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2042424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2042424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2042424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2042424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2042424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157109.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157109.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157109.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157109.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157109.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157109.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 1101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125533234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             92507.910096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   192.552829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    63.447171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.752159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.247841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        92276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        74613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       166889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         166889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       166889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        166889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    327028071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    327028071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     74451769                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74451769                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    401479840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    401479840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    401479840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    401479840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        94766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        94766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        75027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       169793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       169793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       169793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       169793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.026275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.017103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.017103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 131336.574699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131336.574699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 179835.190821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179835.190821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 138250.633609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138250.633609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 138250.633609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138250.633609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    122588913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122588913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9008066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9008066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    131596979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131596979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    131596979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131596979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000760                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000760                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 117309.964593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117309.964593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 158036.245614                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158036.245614                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119416.496370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119416.496370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119416.496370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119416.496370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              465.763971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              753003983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1615888.375536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    10.763971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.017250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       127731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       127731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         127731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       127731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        127731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2178204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2178204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2178204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2178204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2178204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2178204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       127745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       127745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       127745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       127745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       127745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       155586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       155586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       155586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       155586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       155586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       155586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1782568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1782568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1782568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1782568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1782568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1782568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162051.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162051.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162051.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162051.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162051.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162051.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              109335547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             175780.622186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   129.707358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   126.292642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.506669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.493331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        99742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        73563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       173305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         173305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       173305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        173305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    101324397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101324397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    101324397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    101324397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    101324397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    101324397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       100664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        73563                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73563                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       174227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       174227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109896.309111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109896.309111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109896.309111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109896.309111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109896.309111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109896.309111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36697198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36697198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36697198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36697198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36697198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36697198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100265.568306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100265.568306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100265.568306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100265.568306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100265.568306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100265.568306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              489.744174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749560978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1490180.870775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.744174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.023628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         127035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        127035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5177294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5177294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5177294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5177294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5177294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5177294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       127068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       127068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156887.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156887.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156887.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156887.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156887.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156887.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4557290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4557290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4557290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4557290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4557290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4557290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162760.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162760.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162760.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162760.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162760.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162760.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              113237738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             172618.503049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   139.217069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   116.782931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.543817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.456183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        71633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       157870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         157870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       157870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        157870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    150588113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150588113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1202660                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1202660                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    151790773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    151790773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    151790773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    151790773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        87499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       159147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       159147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119324.970681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119324.970681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 80177.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80177.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118865.131558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118865.131558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118865.131558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118865.131558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40485303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40485303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40677603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40677603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40677603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40677603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101978.093199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101978.093199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101694.007500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101694.007500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101694.007500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101694.007500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              548.807169                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              646510275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1171214.266304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.691936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.115233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.037968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       126714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       126714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         126714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       126714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        126714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4764609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4764609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4764609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4764609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4764609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4764609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       126745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       126745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       126745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       126745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       126745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153697.064516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153697.064516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153697.064516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153697.064516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153697.064516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153697.064516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4137417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4137417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4137417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4137417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4137417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4137417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159131.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159131.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159131.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159131.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159131.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159131.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  569                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151270906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             183358.673939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   151.527260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   104.472740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.591903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.408097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       189324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         221135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        221135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    212247667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    212247667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1219220                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1219220                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    213466887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    213466887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    213466887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    213466887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       191266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       223092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       223092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109293.340371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109293.340371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 81281.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81281.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109078.634134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109078.634134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109078.634134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109078.634134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           54                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              54                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1388                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1388                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     58665718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58665718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     58858018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58858018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     58858018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58858018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103649.678445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103649.678445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103441.156415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103441.156415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103441.156415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103441.156415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              567.656079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              768706664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1336881.154783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.297013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   542.359066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.040540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.869165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       123332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       123332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         123332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       123332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        123332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7861594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7861594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7861594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7861594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7861594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7861594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       123373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       123373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       123373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       123373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       123373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 191746.195122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191746.195122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 191746.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191746.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 191746.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191746.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6251925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6251925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6251925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6251925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6251925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6251925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 195372.656250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195372.656250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 195372.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195372.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 195372.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195372.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  846                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              289308045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             262529.986388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.304705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.695295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.434784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.565216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       317176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       172546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       489722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         489722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       489722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        489722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    354205314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    354205314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       848870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       848870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    355054184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    355054184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    355054184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    355054184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       320098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       320098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       172554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       492652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       492652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000046                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121220.162218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121220.162218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106108.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106108.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121178.902389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121178.902389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121178.902389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121178.902389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     92875017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92875017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       290104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       290104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93165121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93165121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93165121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93165121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110172.024911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110172.024911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 96701.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96701.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110124.256501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110124.256501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110124.256501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110124.256501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              465.764365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753004049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1615888.517167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    10.764365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.017251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       127797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       127797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         127797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       127797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        127797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2097293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2097293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2097293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2097293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2097293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2097293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       127810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       127810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       127810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       127810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       127810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161330.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161330.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161330.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161330.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161330.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161330.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1708265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1708265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1708265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1708265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1708265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1708265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155296.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155296.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155296.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155296.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155296.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155296.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              109335726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             175780.909968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   129.659908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   126.340092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.506484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.493516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        99954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        73530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       173484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         173484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       173484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        173484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    102416146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102416146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    102416146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    102416146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    102416146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    102416146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       100898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        73530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       174428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       174428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108491.680085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108491.680085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108491.680085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108491.680085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108491.680085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108491.680085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     36402283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36402283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     36402283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36402283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     36402283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36402283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99459.789617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99459.789617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99459.789617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99459.789617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99459.789617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99459.789617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              548.515936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              646510267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1171214.251812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.400562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.115374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.037501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       126706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       126706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         126706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       126706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        126706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4724876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4724876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4724876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4724876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4724876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4724876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       126737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       126737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       126737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       126737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       126737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152415.354839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152415.354839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152415.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152415.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152415.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152415.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4116360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4116360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4116360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4116360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4116360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4116360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158321.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158321.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158321.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158321.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158321.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158321.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  569                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151270792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             183358.535758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   151.799479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   104.200521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.592967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.407033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       189208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       221021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         221021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       221021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        221021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           13                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    211059887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    211059887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1876497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1876497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    212936384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    212936384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    212936384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    212936384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       191148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       222974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       222974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       222974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       222974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000408                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000408                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108793.756186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108793.756186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 144345.923077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144345.923077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109030.406554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109030.406554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109030.406554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109030.406554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           54                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              54                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     58309464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58309464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       316461                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       316461                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     58625925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58625925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     58625925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58625925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103020.254417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103020.254417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       105487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103033.260105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103033.260105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103033.260105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103033.260105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              566.944157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              768706640                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1336881.113043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.222102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.722056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.040420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.868144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       123308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       123308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         123308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       123308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        123308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7740084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7740084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7740084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7740084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7740084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7740084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       123349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       123349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       123349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       123349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       123349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 188782.536585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188782.536585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 188782.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 188782.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 188782.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 188782.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6344540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6344540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6344540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6344540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6344540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6344540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 198266.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198266.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 198266.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198266.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 198266.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198266.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  844                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              289307848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             263007.134545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.436039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.563961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.435297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.564703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       316934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        316934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       172589                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172589                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       489523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         489523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       489523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        489523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    355415773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    355415773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       845953                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       845953                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    356261726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    356261726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    356261726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    356261726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       319893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       319893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       172598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       492491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       492491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120113.475161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120113.475161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93994.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93994.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120034.274259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120034.274259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120034.274259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120034.274259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     92690385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92690385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       238202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       238202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     92928587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92928587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     92928587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92928587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110214.488704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110214.488704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 79400.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79400.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110104.960900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110104.960900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110104.960900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110104.960900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
