
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011191                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11190714165                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538966090710                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 386910                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   488895                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 267663                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41808.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16176264353                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20440185985                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       153216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       118528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       434048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       154112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       238848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       236800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       434048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       118912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       378624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       377216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       118912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       235520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       377472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       153216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       377600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4099840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1166848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1166848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 32030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9116                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9116                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       400332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     10591639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     38786443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       480398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13771418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       320266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21343410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21160401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     38786443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     10625953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     33833766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       400332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33707947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     10625953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       377456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21046021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       434646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33730823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13691351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       400332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33742261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               366360890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       400332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       480398                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       320266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       400332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       377456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       434646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       400332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6588319                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         104269306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              104269306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         104269306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       400332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     10591639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     38786443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       480398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13771418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       320266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21343410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21160401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     38786443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     10625953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     33833766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       400332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33707947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     10625953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       377456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21046021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       434646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33730823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13691351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       400332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33742261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              470630196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2069568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693381                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204636                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815079                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213986                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9325                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19957680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11566345                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2069568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2415486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        557724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1088807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23812433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21396947     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112418      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         179112      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         241982      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         249271      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         211033      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         118700      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175172      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1127798      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23812433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19753179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1295317                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2410935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14196385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19807337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        166378                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1003747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2360214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       124552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14190539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        18334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19800941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66011693                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66011693                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2647543                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3550                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          371863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332161                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       211905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14173352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13460025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1571551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3757125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23812433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18084418     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382817     10.01%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199700      5.04%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879054      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696414      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284027      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179795      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93579      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12629      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23812433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2527     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8241     36.51%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11806     52.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11321153     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199976      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221115      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716094      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13460025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501561                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50757039                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15748519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13252741                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13482599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        136940                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14176935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332161                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114562                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13269247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147210                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1863245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494452                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13252850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13252741                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7607747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20506410                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1871636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23462233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18385979     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2528406     10.78%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943685      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450636      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396906      1.69%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218599      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180490      0.77%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86203      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271329      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23462233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114551                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       271329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37367771                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28704083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3023813                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.683624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.683624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.372630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.372630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59723213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18461422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13155506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2320437                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1932261                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212889                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       915240                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         849518                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249394                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9954                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20213605                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12730442                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2320437                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1098912                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2653074                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        591753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1879944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1256364                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203521                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     25124905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       22471831     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         162122      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         205639      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         327389      1.30%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         136547      0.54%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         175180      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         204972      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          94093      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1347132      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     25124905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086467                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.474375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20096529                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2009892                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2640567                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1270                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       376640                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       352593                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     15557626                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1649                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       376640                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20117181                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         65046                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1888357                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2621207                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        56468                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     15462438                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        39144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     21599140                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     71905969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     71905969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     18063191                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3535899                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3796                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2004                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          199234                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1447488                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       756779                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8391                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       171355                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         15097140                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3809                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14479877                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14849                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1838766                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3748888                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          195                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25124905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18986806     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2802416     11.15%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142138      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       642838      2.56%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       867284      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268051      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263488      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140720      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11164      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25124905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100212     79.22%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13317     10.53%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12971     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12198485     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197918      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327675      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754008      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14479877                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.539564                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126500                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008736                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54226008                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16939809                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14102635                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14606377                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10710                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273258                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           96                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10511                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       376640                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         49821                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6341                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15100953                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11246                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1447488                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756779                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2005                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5515                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           96                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126345                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118787                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       245132                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14227807                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305850                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2059770                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2011798                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           753920                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.530171                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14102712                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14102635                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8447401                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        22692728                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.525507                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372251                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10509117                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12949859                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2151092                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       214490                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24748265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19266413     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2777908     11.22%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1009775      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501442      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       460131      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193436      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190876      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91157      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257127      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24748265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10509117                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12949859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1920473                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1174217                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1877058                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11659113                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       267426                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       257127                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           39592011                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          30578615                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                308743                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1711341                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10509117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12949859                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10509117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.553616                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.553616                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.391602                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.391602                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       64022043                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      19708366                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      14390634                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1819968                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1641888                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97420                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       679425                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         647911                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          99926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4238                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19282417                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11439410                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1819968                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       747837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2260806                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        307999                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2643966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1108120                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97628                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     24398112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       22137306     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          80276      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         164852      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          69661      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         373940      1.53%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         334772      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          64082      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         136148      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1037075      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     24398112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067818                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.426267                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19076862                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2853839                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2252150                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         7346                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       207910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       159868                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13413307                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1525                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       207910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19103896                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2640459                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       122968                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2235562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        87310                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13404879                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           49                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        44326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        29202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          462                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     15750804                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     63126808                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     63126808                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     13921383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1829402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          800                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          206600                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3157297                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1594870                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14586                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        76991                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13375999                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1574                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12837431                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7472                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1066232                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2579906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24398112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19786445     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1408422      5.77%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139963      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       492568      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       615620      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       580921      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       331300      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26490      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16383      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24398112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32453     11.36%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246120     86.13%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7190      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8059509     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112218      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          768      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3074275     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1590661     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12837431                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.478362                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285763                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022260                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50366209                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14444172                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12726892                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13123194                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23191                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       127762                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10801                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       207910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2571402                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26036                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13377593                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3157297                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1594870                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          800                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15869                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55580                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58257                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       113837                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12747590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3064307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        89841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            4654788                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1669779                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1590481                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.475014                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12727326                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12726892                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6878864                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        13596058                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.474243                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505945                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10330086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12139478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1239428                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        99331                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24190202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19770485     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1626981      6.73%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       757612      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       744396      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       207570      0.86%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       851389      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64904      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47484      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119381      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24190202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10330086                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12139478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              4613597                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3029528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1603078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10795073                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       117648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       119381                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37449688                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          26965772                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                415217                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2438134                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10330086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12139478                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10330086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.597872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.597872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384930                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384930                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       63006715                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14789165                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15956516                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2072122                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1695623                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204191                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847912                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813869                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214069                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9261                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19967568                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11591001                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2072122                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1027938                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2417909                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        558415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1102131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1222895                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23839679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21421770     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         111858      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         178675      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         242110      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         249120      1.04%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         210589      0.88%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         118695      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         176360      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1130502      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23839679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077214                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19763656                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1308529                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2413368                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2790                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       351331                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       340665                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14222583                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1514                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       351331                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19817668                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        172796                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1010664                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2362782                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       124433                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14216950                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        18086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        53485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19839085                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     66138982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     66138982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17174667                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2664406                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3514                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1822                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          372829                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331558                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       720480                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8401                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       211653                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14200293                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3525                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13479934                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2141                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1581818                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3793226                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23839679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18105854     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2384474     10.00%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1198885      5.03%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880989      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698350      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284468      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180434      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93421      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12804      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23839679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2403     10.59%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8218     36.23%     46.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12062     53.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11337360     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       201034      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1689      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221871      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717980      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13479934                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.502303                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22683                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001683                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50824370                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15785697                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13274605                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13502617                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27212                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215634                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10553                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       351331                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        142783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12295                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14203841                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331558                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720480                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1825                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10391                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118634                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114908                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       233542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13291034                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1148651                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188899                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1866569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1887786                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           717918                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.495264                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13274709                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13274605                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7619494                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20539091                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.494652                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370975                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10012388                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12320516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1883316                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3403                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       206521                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23488348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18406567     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2531391     10.78%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       944492      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450688      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397328      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218996      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180554      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86195      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272137      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23488348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10012388                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12320516                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1825845                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1115918                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1776730                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11100619                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       253746                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       272137                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37419978                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28759022                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                304322                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2996567                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10012388                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12320516                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10012388                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.680304                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.680304                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.373092                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.373092                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       59820047                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18491407                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13183256                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1830198                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1638453                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147403                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1241059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1208152                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106920                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4397                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19432179                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10407001                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1830198                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1315072                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2320167                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        485634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       767764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1176903                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144322                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     22857547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20537380     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         358207      1.57%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         175480      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         353677      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         108804      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         328937      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          50429      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          81767      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         862866      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     22857547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068199                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.387796                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19253746                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       950975                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2315327                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1940                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       335558                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       168723                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1879                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     11606724                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         4478                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       335558                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19274666                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        605923                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       279915                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2294434                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        67044                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     11588303                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        51140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     15150200                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     52465018                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     52465018                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     12238535                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2911652                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1523                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          778                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          154680                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2124225                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       330491                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3067                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        75063                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         11526391                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1528                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        10778040                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7225                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2114718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4350435                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22857547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18130799     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1468955      6.43%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1607440      7.03%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       919696      4.02%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469872      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117675      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       137174      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3278      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2658      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22857547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17818     57.42%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7303     23.53%     80.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5912     19.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8430550     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82273      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1937168     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327303      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     10778040                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.401622                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31033                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44451885                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13642665                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10501154                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     10809073                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7889                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       438617                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       335558                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        530438                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8045                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11527925                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2124225                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330491                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          776                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3936                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          219                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99417                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56570                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       155987                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10642792                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1909798                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135248                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2237055                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1619836                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           327257                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.396583                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             10503871                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            10501154                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6361595                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        13728324                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.391305                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.463392                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8372421                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      9397297                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2131096                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1504                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       146295                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22521989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19037604     84.53%     84.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1359421      6.04%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       881952      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       275564      1.22%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465493      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88880      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56276      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51140      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305659      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22521989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      8372421                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      9397297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2007662                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1685606                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1444313                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         8203724                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       114659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       305659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           33744697                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          23392596                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                438612                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3978699                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           8372421                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             9397297                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      8372421                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.205315                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.205315                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.311982                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.311982                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       49518768                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      13652302                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12376073                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1504                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1956122                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1603748                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193972                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799061                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         760714                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200423                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8614                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18696825                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11137270                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1956122                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       961137                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2447106                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        555624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1918555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1154755                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193157                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23420386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20973280     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         265257      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         305623      1.30%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         167716      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         193469      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         106504      0.45%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          72823      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         189410      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1146304      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23420386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.072891                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.415008                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18538361                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2080201                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2426107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19873                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       355843                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       317540                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2057                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13594099                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        10848                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       355843                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18569025                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        529833                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1465126                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2415794                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        84756                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13584626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        20892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        39643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18869560                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     63254055                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     63254055                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16045132                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2824419                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3619                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2052                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          228447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1302290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       707312                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18647                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       156273                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13558971                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3630                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12792648                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18780                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1741478                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4042567                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          479                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23420386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18032131     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2166382      9.25%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1165198      4.98%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       804330      3.43%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705586      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360252      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88270      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56240      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41997      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23420386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3190     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12422     44.09%     55.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12563     44.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10703883     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200032      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1563      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1185968      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701202      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12792648                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.476693                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28175                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002202                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49052633                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15304218                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12572319                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12820823                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32151                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238337                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18588                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          615                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       355843                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        488616                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13504                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13562623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8156                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1302290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707312                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2056                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9222                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111231                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110189                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       221420                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12598609                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1112243                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194035                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1813218                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1760501                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           700975                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.469462                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12572596                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12572319                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7473809                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19583032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.468483                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381647                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9424416                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11562547                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2000208                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3151                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       194968                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23064543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18341306     79.52%     79.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2189688      9.49%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919391      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       550493      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       381720      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246329      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129009      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102837      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203770      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23064543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9424416                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11562547                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1752674                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1063953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1654698                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10424252                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       235251                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       203770                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36423463                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27481376                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                290115                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               3415860                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9424416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11562547                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9424416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.847523                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.847523                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.351182                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.351182                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       56829641                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17446036                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12685735                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1818945                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1641014                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       685047                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         646854                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          99848                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4211                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19265071                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11430390                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1818945                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       746702                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2258605                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        308512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2662060                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1107328                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97681                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     24395678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       22137073     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          80084      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         164855      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          69532      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         373069      1.53%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         334672      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          63714      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         136041      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1036638      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     24395678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067779                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.425931                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19065295                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2864684                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2249882                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         7403                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       208409                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       159772                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13402480                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1509                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       208409                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19091944                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2670027                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       105916                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2233629                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        85746                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13394191                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           73                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        43034                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        28948                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          410                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15739809                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     63070769                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     63070769                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     13904404                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        1835405                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          792                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          203335                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3154418                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1593298                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14613                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        77355                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13365371                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1565                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12825531                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7927                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1070293                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2586628                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24395678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19789829     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1405355      5.76%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1137692      4.66%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       493062      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       615775      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       580472      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       330671      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26456      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16366      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24395678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32212     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       245819     86.19%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7166      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8052521     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112050      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          767      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3071278     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1588915     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12825531                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.477918                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285197                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022237                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50339864                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14437595                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12714049                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13110728                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       128254                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          367                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10997                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1130                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       208409                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2605511                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25367                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13366958                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3154418                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1593298                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          791                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          367                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55673                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58507                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       114180                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12735038                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3061345                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            4650076                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1668468                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1588731                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.474546                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12714465                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12714049                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6872052                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        13578084                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.473764                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506114                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10317799                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12124899                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1243494                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        99351                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24187269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19772187     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1625592      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       756615      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       744168      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       206844      0.86%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       850428      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        65016      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47391      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119028      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24187269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10317799                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12124899                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              4608465                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             3026164                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1601076                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10782097                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       117469                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       119028                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           37436595                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          26945226                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                414697                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2440568                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10317799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12124899                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10317799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.600966                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.600966                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.384473                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.384473                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       62941099                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14775768                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15942625                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2316785                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1929410                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212915                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       915775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         848536                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249149                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9928                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20181029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12712325                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2316785                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1097685                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2649506                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        591935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1912926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1254812                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203525                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     25121899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       22472393     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         161617      0.64%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         205772      0.82%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         326941      1.30%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         136236      0.54%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         174980      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         205400      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          93994      0.37%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1344566      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     25121899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086330                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.473700                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20063756                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2043150                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2636915                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       376795                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       351854                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15534851                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       376795                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20084397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         65007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1921530                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2617538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        56626                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15439229                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        39343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21566044                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     71800647                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     71800647                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     18027333                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3538710                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3800                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2011                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          199933                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445198                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       755360                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8439                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       171245                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15074584                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3815                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14456861                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14835                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843244                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3753732                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          206                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25121899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18994780     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2796509     11.13%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1140238      4.54%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641711      2.55%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       865955      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267856      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263357      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140443      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11050      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25121899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100018     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13277     10.52%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12949     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12179240     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197530      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1325717      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       752586      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14456861                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.538707                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126244                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54176700                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16921739                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14078916                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14583105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10761                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273332                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           97                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       376795                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         49641                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6440                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15078403                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445198                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       755360                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2012                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5621                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           97                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126726                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118650                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       245376                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14204302                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1303732                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252559                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2056223                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2008050                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           752491                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.529295                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14079004                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14078916                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8433982                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        22663345                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.524623                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372142                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10488256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12924057                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2154403                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       214514                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24745104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19273292     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2772849     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008162      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501340      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458513      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192951      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190556      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90807      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256634      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24745104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10488256                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12924057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1916647                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1171866                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1873281                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11635888                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       266879                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       256634                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           39566852                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          30533729                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                308566                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1714347                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10488256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12924057                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10488256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.558695                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.558695                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390824                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390824                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       63916029                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19674429                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14369343                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1890598                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1546782                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187222                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774499                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         741717                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193173                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8264                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18328232                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10729380                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1890598                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       934890                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2246873                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        546619                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       904472                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1129644                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       188163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     21834926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       19588053     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         122927      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         191253      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         305728      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         126744      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         140682      0.64%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         150313      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          98326      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1110900      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     21834926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070449                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.399809                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18152306                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1082119                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2239663                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         5777                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       355057                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       309196                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13099579                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1615                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       355057                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18181790                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        215615                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       781032                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2216494                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        84934                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13089332                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         3639                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        22564                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        31282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6749                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     18168360                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     60882677                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     60882677                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15450115                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2718224                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3404                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1911                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          249357                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1250052                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       670020                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20054                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       153727                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13068129                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3416                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12346213                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16277                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1689798                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3803034                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          401                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21834926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16628521     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2090033      9.57%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141812      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       780319      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       728695      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208172      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163806      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55421      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38147      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21834926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2913     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9221     39.48%     51.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11222     48.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10343176     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195359      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1493      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1140686      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665499      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12346213                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.460057                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23356                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001892                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46566985                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14761498                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12143454                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12369569                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36693                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230360                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21738                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          792                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       355057                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        149575                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11395                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13071571                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5556                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1250052                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       670020                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1911                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8472                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107809                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108369                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       216178                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12167186                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179027                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1737867                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1711825                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           665167                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.453386                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12143637                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12143454                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7103034                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        18559139                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.452502                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382724                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9075319                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11123773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1947875                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3015                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       190919                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21479869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16963112     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2188305     10.19%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       852219      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458004      2.13%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342762      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190931      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119499      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105975      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       259062      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21479869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9075319                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11123773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1667974                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1019692                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1596678                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10023356                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       225946                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       259062                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           34292390                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          26498389                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                299486                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               5001320                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9075319                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11123773                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9075319                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.957058                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.957058                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.338174                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.338174                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       54859646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      16834461                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12215582                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3012                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1888694                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1544994                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186585                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       776438                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         741982                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193028                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18309655                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10720163                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1888694                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       935010                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2245282                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        544374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       854660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1128069                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       187520                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     21763353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       19518071     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         122630      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         191692      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         305548      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         126113      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         140886      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         150574      0.69%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          98349      0.45%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1109490      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     21763353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070378                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.399466                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       18135005                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1031066                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2238042                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         5773                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       353463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       309077                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13088477                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       353463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       18164256                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        210029                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       734362                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2215112                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        86127                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13078184                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         6498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        22273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        31003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8647                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     18154578                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     60833764                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     60833764                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15450074                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2704498                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1920                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          247927                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1248372                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       669988                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19943                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       152600                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13056986                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3428                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12338782                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1682479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3786014                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          412                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21763353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16559684     76.09%     76.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2089850      9.60%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1140770      5.24%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       779369      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       728085      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208333      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163692      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55432      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38138      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21763353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2928     12.72%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8880     38.59%     51.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11205     48.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10336382     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195101      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1493      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1140505      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665301      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12338782                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.459780                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23013                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46480184                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14743048                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12137025                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12361795                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36404                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       228682                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21705                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          794                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       353463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        145750                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11378                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13060439                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1248372                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       669988                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1921                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8453                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108060                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       107338                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       215398                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12160818                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072313                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1737272                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1710871                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           664959                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.453149                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12137223                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12137025                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7097314                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        18544322                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.452262                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382722                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9075297                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11123742                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1936743                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3016                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       190263                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21409890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16893213     78.90%     78.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2188079     10.22%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       852132      3.98%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458257      2.14%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342877      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191169      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119100      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105829      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       259234      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21409890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9075297                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11123742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1667970                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1019690                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1596674                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10023328                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       225946                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       259234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           34211076                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          26474483                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                298819                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               5072893                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9075297                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11123742                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9075297                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.957065                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.957065                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.338173                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.338173                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       54832782                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16826144                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12205714                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3014                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2317215                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1929780                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212960                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       915922                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         848680                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249179                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9929                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20184437                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12714779                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2317215                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1097859                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2650008                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        592060                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1911625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1255026                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203561                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     25124588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       22474580     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         161655      0.64%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         205807      0.82%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         326998      1.30%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         136263      0.54%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         175003      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         205428      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          94005      0.37%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1344849      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     25124588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.473791                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20067171                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2041859                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2637398                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       376875                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       351914                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15537762                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       376875                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20087816                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         65014                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1920224                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2618019                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        56634                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15442082                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        39358                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     21570081                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     71813917                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     71813917                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     18030625                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3539450                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3800                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2011                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          199998                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445467                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       755481                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8439                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       171280                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15077367                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3815                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14459503                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14836                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843628                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3754568                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          206                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25124588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18996384     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2796978     11.13%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1140453      4.54%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641813      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       866130      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267905      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263395      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140475      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11055      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25124588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100042     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13281     10.52%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12952     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12181497     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197566      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1325945      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       752707      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14459503                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.538805                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126275                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54184705                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16924906                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14081473                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14585778                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10761                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273399                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           97                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10574                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       376875                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         49646                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6441                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15081186                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445467                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       755481                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2012                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5622                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           97                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126748                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118677                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       245425                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14206885                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1303957                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2056568                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2008418                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           752611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529392                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14081561                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14081473                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8435520                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        22667582                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.524718                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372140                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10490143                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12926379                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2154857                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       214559                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24747713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19274932     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2773330     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008349      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501418      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458597      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192989      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190595      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90830      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256673      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24747713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10490143                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12926379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1916969                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1172066                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1873627                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11637957                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       266921                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       256673                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           39572198                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          30539368                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                308614                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1711658                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10490143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12926379                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10490143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.558235                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.558235                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.390895                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.390895                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       63927571                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      19678090                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14372057                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1957568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1604435                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193531                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       798735                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761250                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200542                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8580                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18710349                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11145950                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1957568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       961792                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2449742                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        554100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1926647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1154948                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       192553                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23443781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20994039     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         265555      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         306442      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         168013      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         193236      0.82%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         106345      0.45%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          72465      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         189672      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1148014      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23443781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.072945                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.415332                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18551823                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2088368                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2428804                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19784                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       355001                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       318235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         2042                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13608632                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        10869                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       355001                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18582477                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        466031                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1537868                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2418704                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        83691                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13599385                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        20415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        39367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     18892008                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     63327122                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     63327122                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16071381                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2820627                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2017                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          227267                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1303770                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       708435                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18763                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       157381                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13574031                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3593                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12808338                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18392                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1735590                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4041531                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          435                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23443781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18049247     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2166807      9.24%     86.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1167157      4.98%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       808146      3.45%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705831      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360204      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88209      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56259      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41921      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23443781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3141     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12612     44.49%     55.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12592     44.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10716298     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200355      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1565      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1187532      9.27%     94.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702588      5.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12808338                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.477278                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28345                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002213                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49107194                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15313350                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12588950                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12836683                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32153                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          357                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       355001                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        430811                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13138                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13577652                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1303770                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708435                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2016                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9169                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110996                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109922                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       220918                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12614873                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1113695                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1816024                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1763557                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           702329                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.470068                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12589180                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12588950                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7482339                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        19605645                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.469102                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381642                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9439995                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11581637                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1996109                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3158                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       194568                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23088780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18357137     79.51%     79.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2193792      9.50%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       921304      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551243      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382324      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246517      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129462      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103153      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203848      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23088780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9439995                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11581637                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1755661                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1065752                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1657394                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10441511                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       235648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       203848                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           36462613                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          27510510                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                289839                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3392465                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9439995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11581637                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9439995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.842824                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.842824                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.351763                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.351763                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       56902574                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      17467698                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12697167                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1891735                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1547741                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187383                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775463                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         742058                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193205                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8264                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18333392                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             10736778                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1891735                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       935263                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2248254                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        547549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       857657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1130056                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       188334                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     21795443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       19547189     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         122813      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         191296      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         305619      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         126659      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         141368      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         150668      0.69%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          98281      0.45%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1111550      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     21795443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070492                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.400085                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       18158182                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1034625                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2240878                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         5906                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       355848                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       309408                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13109140                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1602                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       355848                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       18187635                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        240728                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       710061                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2217870                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        83297                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13098668                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        22637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        31009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5238                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     18181456                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     60926724                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     60926724                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15450856                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2730594                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1883                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          248829                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1251208                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       669886                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19988                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       152817                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13077020                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3390                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12349481                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16295                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1699448                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3831552                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          374                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21795443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16587813     76.11%     76.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2090387      9.59%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142093      5.24%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       780356      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       729202      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208421      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163488      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55465      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38218      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21795443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2906     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9137     39.38%     51.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11161     48.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10346151     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195305      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1493      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1141176      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665356      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12349481                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.460179                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23204                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46533904                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14780012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12146294                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12372685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36573                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231458                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       355848                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        165279                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11493                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13080438                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5468                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1251208                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       669886                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1884                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8513                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107895                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108464                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       216359                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12170118                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072701                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1737755                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1711928                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           665054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.453496                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12146487                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12146294                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7104381                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        18565418                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.452608                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382667                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9075740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11124310                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1956157                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3016                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       191057                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21439595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16921837     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2188937     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       852737      3.98%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457969      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342745      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190901      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119793      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105659      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       259017      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21439595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9075740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11124310                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1668059                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1019749                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1596763                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10023835                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       225958                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       259017                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           34260980                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          26516819                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                299490                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               5040803                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9075740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11124310                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9075740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.956921                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.956921                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.338190                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.338190                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       54872426                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16839050                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12222737                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3014                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2316855                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1929301                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213150                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       914225                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847886                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249327                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20189980                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12712196                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2316855                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1097213                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2650518                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        591796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1896544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1255483                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203828                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     25113946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       22463428     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         162156      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         205929      0.82%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         327248      1.30%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         136992      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         175191      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         204723      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          93478      0.37%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1344801      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     25113946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086333                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.473695                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20071750                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2026522                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2637934                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1309                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       376424                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       352017                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15535205                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       376424                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20092350                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         65195                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1904756                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2618628                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        56587                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15439480                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         8268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        39274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     21568740                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     71800710                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     71800710                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     18037662                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3531068                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3774                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1984                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          199694                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445654                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       754983                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       171234                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15074387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3787                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14459098                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14736                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1837379                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3738442                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          178                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25113946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18984005     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2798731     11.14%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141433      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641364      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       866550      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266659      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263621      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140476      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11107      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25113946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100058     79.26%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13233     10.48%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12942     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12181641     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197818      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1325521      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       752329      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14459098                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.538790                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126233                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008730                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54173110                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16915651                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14082033                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14585331                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10710                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273112                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           99                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9773                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       376424                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         49843                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6419                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15078181                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11526                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445654                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       754983                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1984                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5610                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           99                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126398                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118802                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       245200                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14206957                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1303900                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2056139                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2008965                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           752239                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529394                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14082115                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14082033                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8437529                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        22664691                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.524739                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372276                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10494260                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12931502                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2146717                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       214744                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24737522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19262758     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2774736     11.22%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008174      4.08%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501226      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459081      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193175      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190733      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90969      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256670      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24737522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10494260                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12931502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1917752                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1172542                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1874386                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11642574                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       267037                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       256670                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           39558993                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          30532880                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                309237                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1722300                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10494260                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12931502                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10494260                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.557231                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.557231                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.391048                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.391048                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       63927527                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      19681001                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      14369386                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2070257                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204695                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871730                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815360                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214060                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9329                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19964054                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11569974                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2070257                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1029420                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2416260                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        557881                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1098154                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1223027                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204703                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23829026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21412766     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         112459      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         179161      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         242064      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         249347      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         211118      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         118740      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         175230      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1128141      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23829026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077144                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431132                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19759449                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1304769                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2411709                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2796                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       350298                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       340489                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14200884                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       350298                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19813622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        171674                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1007852                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2360965                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       124610                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14195053                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        18352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        53457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19807089                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66032579                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66032579                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17158814                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2648275                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3551                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          372002                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332598                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       718886                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8461                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       211959                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14177854                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13464350                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1571972                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3758072                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23829026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18099208     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2383506     10.00%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1200117      5.04%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879349      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696627      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284132      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179854      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93593      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12640      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23829026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2523     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8241     36.50%     47.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11813     52.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11324778     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200032      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1688      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221509      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716343      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13464350                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.501723                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22577                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50782289                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15753442                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13256997                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13486927                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27000                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217678                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9589                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       350298                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        142143                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11975                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14181437                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332598                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718886                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10017                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118809                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114594                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       233403                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13273511                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147585                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190839                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1863870                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1886135                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           716285                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.494611                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13257111                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13256997                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7610145                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20512878                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.493996                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.370994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10003199                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12309274                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1872165                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       207023                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23478728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18400886     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2529177     10.77%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943970      4.02%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450796      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397018      1.69%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218672      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180557      0.77%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86221      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271431      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23478728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10003199                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12309274                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1824217                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1114920                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1775131                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11090496                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       253526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       271431                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37388671                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          28713189                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                304792                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3007220                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10003199                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12309274                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10003199                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.682766                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.682766                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.372750                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.372750                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59742316                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18467207                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13159680                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1889188                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1545222                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186843                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       779920                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         741795                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193689                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8345                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18323906                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10723840                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1889188                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       935484                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2245381                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        544475                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       887769                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1128956                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       187779                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     21810638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       19565257     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         122013      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         191858      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         305369      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         126324      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         141331      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         150865      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          98360      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1109261      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     21810638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070397                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399603                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       18147651                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1065751                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2238177                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         5766                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       353289                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       309306                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13090975                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1623                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       353289                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       18177082                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        226630                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       754763                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2215046                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        83824                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13080762                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        22630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        31228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5486                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18156876                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     60844363                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     60844363                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15456100                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2700741                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3401                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1907                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          249830                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1247837                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       670255                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20102                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       153662                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13060224                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3413                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12345022                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16273                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1677602                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3768364                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          398                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21810638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16603806     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2091284      9.59%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141806      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       779601      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       728604      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       207932      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164155      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55283      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38167      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21810638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2922     12.75%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8786     38.33%     51.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11212     48.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10341200     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195271      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1494      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1141384      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665673      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12345022                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.460013                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22920                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001857                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46539869                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14741391                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12143050                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12367942                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37219                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       227732                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21711                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          800                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       353289                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        147610                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11530                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13063669                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1247837                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       670255                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1907                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8585                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107944                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       107578                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       215522                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12166893                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1073580                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178123                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1738878                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1711720                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           665298                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.453375                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12143255                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12143050                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7101360                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        18548959                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.452487                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382844                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9078820                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11128139                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1935572                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3015                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       190542                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21457349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16938352     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2189199     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       852400      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       459324      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342276      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191795      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119160      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105615      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       259228      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21457349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9078820                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11128139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1668646                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1020102                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1597344                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10027276                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       226044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       259228                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           34261767                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          26480774                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                299006                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               5025608                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9078820                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11128139                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9078820                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.955918                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.955918                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.338304                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.338304                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       54863816                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16832590                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12210855                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3012                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1234                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.517862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         159273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        48.529250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.361599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.039883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   551.032459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1441.083921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.013691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.269059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.703654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2853                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1235                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016247882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1078575257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016247882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1078575257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016247882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1078575257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              4073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               4088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              4088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.046745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873340.289069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.046745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873340.289069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.046745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873340.289069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911041855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    970119197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911041855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    970119197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911041855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    970119197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.306600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.182334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.306600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.182334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.306600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.182334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          961                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.500431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         183070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        60.881277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.500431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.015804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   446.134154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1533.850042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.014168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.217839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.748950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  2907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            920                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 920                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   2921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2919                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  2921                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          926                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 961                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86256996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    745693844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     831950840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86256996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    745693844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      831950840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86256996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    745693844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     831950840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              3868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          920                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             920                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               3882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              3882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.241712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.240832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.240832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2464485.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 805284.928726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865713.673257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2464485.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 805284.928726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865713.673257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2464485.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 805284.928726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865713.673257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83183275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    664369261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    747552536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83183275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    664369261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    747552536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83183275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    664369261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    747552536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.241712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.240832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.240832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2376665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 717461.404968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777890.255983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2376665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 717461.404968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777890.255983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2376665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 717461.404968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777890.255983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         3427                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.930454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         155064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         5475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        28.322192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.275963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.431276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1197.184598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         831.038618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.007535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.584563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.405781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4180                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4181                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                3420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 3427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                3427                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68412752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3216140922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3284553674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8809180                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8809180                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68412752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3224950102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     3293362854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68412752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3224950102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    3293362854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              7599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               7608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              7608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.450447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.450447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1900354.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 950396.253546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960395.811111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1258454.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1258454.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1900354.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 951032.173990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961004.626204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1900354.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 951032.173990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961004.626204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                605                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     605                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            3427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           3427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65251952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2919025722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2984277674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8194580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8194580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65251952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2927220302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2992472254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65251952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2927220302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2992472254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1812554.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 862596.253546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872595.811111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1170654.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1170654.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1812554.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 863232.173990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873204.626204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1812554.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 863232.173990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873204.626204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1246                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.531421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         159279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        48.354281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.369821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.524930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   554.864628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1433.772042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.015393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.270930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.700084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   2857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2855                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  2857                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1205                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1247                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    124785138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1036328007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1161113145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    124785138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1036328007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1161113145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    124785138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1036328007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1161113145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.303850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.303850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2971074.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860023.242324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931125.216520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2971074.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860023.242324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931125.216520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2971074.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860023.242324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931125.216520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    121097538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    930375353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1051472891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    121097538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    930375353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1051472891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    121097538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    930375353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1051472891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2883274.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772737.004153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843878.724719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2883274.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772737.004153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843878.724719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2883274.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772737.004153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843878.724719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1894                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.836930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         122338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3942                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        31.034500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.828287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.220450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   806.676288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1192.111904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.393885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.582086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            634                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 634                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3430                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3431                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1866                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1894                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43641776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1499694537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1543336313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43641776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1499694537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1543336313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43641776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1499694537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1543336313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          634                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             634                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1558634.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 803694.821543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814855.497888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1558634.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 803694.821543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814855.497888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1558634.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 803694.821543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814855.497888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                240                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     240                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     41181737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1335837349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1377019086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     41181737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1335837349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1377019086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     41181737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1335837349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1377019086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1470776.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 715882.823687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727042.812038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1470776.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 715882.823687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727042.812038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1470776.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 715882.823687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727042.812038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1888                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.497674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         181268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        46.077275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.405286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.303117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   838.015929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1141.773341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.409187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.557507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3548                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3549                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1887                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78644310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1585292172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1663936482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2177913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2177913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78644310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1587470085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1666114395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78644310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1587470085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1666114395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2125521.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 858306.536004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883193.461783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       725971                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       725971                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2125521.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 858091.937838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 882943.505564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2125521.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 858091.937838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 882943.505564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               1080                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    1080                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75395710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1423125572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1498521282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1914513                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1914513                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75395710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1425040085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500435795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75395710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1425040085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500435795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2037721.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770506.536004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795393.461783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       638171                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       638171                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2037721.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770291.937838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795143.505564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2037721.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770291.937838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795143.505564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3427                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.925330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         155047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        28.319087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.159466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    15.222592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1198.613906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         829.929365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.007433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.585261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.405239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1312                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                1312                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4169                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4170                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                3419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3391                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3427                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69632560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3246019793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3315652353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10014757                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10014757                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69632560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3256034550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     3325667110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69632560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3256034550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    3325667110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              7588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1312                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            1312                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               7597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              7597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.448020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.448545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.451099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.448545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.451099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1934237.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 959509.250074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969772.551331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1251844.625000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1251844.625000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1934237.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 960198.923621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 970431.021301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1934237.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 960198.923621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 970431.021301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                606                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     606                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66471234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2948914781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3015386015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9312357                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9312357                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66471234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2958227138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3024698372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66471234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2958227138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3024698372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.448020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.448545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.448545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1846423.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 871686.308306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881949.697280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1164044.625000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1164044.625000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1846423.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 872376.035978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882608.220601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1846423.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 872376.035978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882608.220601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          966                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.491633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         183059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        60.796745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.491633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.094832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   446.964122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1531.941046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.014695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.218244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.748018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  2906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   2921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2919                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  2921                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 966                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90799390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    770616691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     861416081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90799390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    770616691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      861416081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90799390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    770616691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     861416081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              3872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               3887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              3887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.242369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2454037.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829512.046286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891735.073499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2454037.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829512.046286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 891735.073499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2454037.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829512.046286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 891735.073499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87550790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    689040636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    776591426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87550790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    689040636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    776591426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87550790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    689040636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    776591426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.242369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2366237.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741701.438105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803924.871636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2366237.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741701.438105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803924.871636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2366237.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741701.438105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803924.871636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         2994                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.538295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         123986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        24.590639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.070054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.041435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   876.026729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1136.400076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.427747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.554883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3680                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3681                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                2989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 2994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2958                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                2994                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63164502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2689894300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2753058802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10106702                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10106702                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63164502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2700001002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     2763165504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63164502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2700001002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    2763165504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              6660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               6675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              6675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.445870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.445616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.448539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.445616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.448539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1754569.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 910902.235015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921063.500167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 2021340.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2021340.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1754569.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 912779.243408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922900.969940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1754569.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 912779.243408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922900.969940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                468                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     468                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            2994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           2994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60003702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2430592855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2490596557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9667702                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9667702                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60003702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2440260557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2500264259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60003702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2440260557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2500264259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.445870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.445616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.445616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1666769.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 823092.737894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833254.117431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1933540.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1933540.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1666769.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 824969.762339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835091.602872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1666769.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 824969.762339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835091.602872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         2982                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.593168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         123983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        24.648708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.090780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.792274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   877.694301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1135.015813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.428562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.554207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            749                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 749                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3678                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3679                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 2982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2947                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                2982                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72041486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2729342396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2801383882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9209847                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9209847                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72041486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2738552243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     2810593729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72041486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2738552243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    2810593729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              6646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          749                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             749                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               6661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              6661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.447939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.444830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.444830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2058328.171429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 927716.653977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 941009.029896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1841969.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1841969.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2058328.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 929267.812352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942519.694500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2058328.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 929267.812352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942519.694500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                470                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     470                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            2982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           2982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68956493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2470044323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2539000816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8770847                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8770847                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68956493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2478815170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2547771663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68956493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2478815170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2547771663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.444830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.444830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1970185.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 839579.987424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852872.292912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1754169.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1754169.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1970185.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 841131.717000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854383.522133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1970185.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 841131.717000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854383.522133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          966                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.491226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         183059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        60.796745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.491226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.095261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   446.994240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1531.910499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.014695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.218259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.748003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  2906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   2921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2919                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  2921                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          929                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 966                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     88903958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    764095650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     852999608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     88903958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    764095650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      852999608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     88903958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    764095650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     852999608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              3872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               3887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              3887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.242369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.241424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.241424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2402809.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 822492.626480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883022.368530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2402809.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 822492.626480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883022.368530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2402809.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 822492.626480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883022.368530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     85655358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    682529450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    768184808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     85655358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    682529450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    768184808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     85655358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    682529450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    768184808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.242369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.241424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.241424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2315009.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 734692.626480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795222.368530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2315009.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 734692.626480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795222.368530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2315009.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 734692.626480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795222.368530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1874                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.478429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         181265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        46.241071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.006640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.484930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   836.565477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1145.421382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.009514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.408479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.559288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3544                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3545                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1840                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1873                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61048544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1595799050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1656847594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1577247                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1577247                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61048544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1597376297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1658424841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61048544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1597376297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1658424841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.342341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.341753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.341753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1849955.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 868698.448557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886014.756150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       525749                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       525749                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1849955.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 868139.291848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885437.715430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1849955.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 868139.291848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885437.715430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               1075                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    1075                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58150894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1434449106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1492600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1313597                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1313597                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58150894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1435762703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1493913597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58150894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1435762703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1493913597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.342341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.341753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.341753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1762148.303030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 780865.054981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798181.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 437865.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 437865.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1762148.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 780305.816848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797604.696743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1762148.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 780305.816848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797604.696743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         2987                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.535074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         124000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        24.627607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.066870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.786425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   882.015063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1129.666716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.011614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.430671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.551595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3691                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3692                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 2987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2949                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                2987                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72450534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2719540857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2791991391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8760049                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8760049                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72450534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2728300906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     2800751440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72450534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2728300906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    2800751440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              6664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               6679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              6679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.444377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.447479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.444127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.444127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1906593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 923757.084579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936281.485915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1752009.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1752009.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1906593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 925161.378772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 937646.950117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1906593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 925161.378772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 937646.950117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                470                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     470                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            2987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           2987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69113816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2461029870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2530143686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8321049                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8321049                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69113816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2469350919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2538464735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69113816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2469350919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2538464735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.444377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.444127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.444127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1818784.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 835947.646060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848472.061033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1664209.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1664209.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1818784.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 837351.956256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849837.541011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1818784.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 837351.956256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849837.541011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.434887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         183079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        60.783201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.434887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.965862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   447.140738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1532.893400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.014143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.218330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.748483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  2919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            928                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 928                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   2936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2934                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  2936                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     93856852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    758091806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     851948658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     93856852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    758091806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      851948658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     93856852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    758091806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     851948658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              3886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          928                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             928                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               3903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              3903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.241747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.240683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.240683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2536671.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 815152.479570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 881022.397104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2536671.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 815152.479570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 881022.397104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2536671.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 815152.479570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 881022.397104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                513                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     513                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90607292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    676420685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    767027977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90607292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    676420685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    767027977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90607292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    676420685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    767027977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.241747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.240683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.240683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2448845.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 727334.069892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 793203.699069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2448845.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 727334.069892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 793203.699069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2448845.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 727334.069892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 793203.699069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1234                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.519065                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         159274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        48.529555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.362916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.042817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   551.496913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1440.616419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.013693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.269286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.703426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  2839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   2854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2852                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  2854                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1235                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64725001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1016246360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1080971361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64725001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1016246360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1080971361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64725001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1016246360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1080971361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              4074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               4089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              4089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.296902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1749324.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 848285.776294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 875280.454251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1749324.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 848285.776294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 875280.454251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1749324.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 848285.776294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 875280.454251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61476389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    910101916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    971578305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61476389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    910101916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    971578305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61476389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    910101916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    971578305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.296654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1661524.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 760319.060986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787340.603728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1661524.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 760319.060986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787340.603728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1661524.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 760319.060986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787340.603728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2985                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.545958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         123993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        24.636002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.083736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.843494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   878.114225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1134.504503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.428767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.553957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            751                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 751                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3686                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3687                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2950                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2985                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73775515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2748639618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2822415133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8435785                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8435785                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73775515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2757075403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     2830850918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73775515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2757075403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    2830850918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              6657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          751                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             751                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               6672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              6672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.447649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2107871.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 933324.148727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947119.172148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1687157                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1687157                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2107871.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 934601.831525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948358.766499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2107871.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 934601.831525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948358.766499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                468                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     468                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70701640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2490027076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2560728716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7996785                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7996785                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70701640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2498023861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2568725501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70701640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2498023861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2568725501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2020046.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 845510.042784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859304.938255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1599357                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1599357                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2020046.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 846787.749492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860544.556449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2020046.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 846787.749492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860544.556449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.723346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1947919.616732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    31.723346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.050839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35457.179559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   221.102764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    34.897236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4397889748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4397889748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404521572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4404521572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404521572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4404521572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 341742.928588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341742.928588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1210810045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1210810045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211781616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211781616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211781616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211781616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 300151.225830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300151.225830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              486.794151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1004355750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2041373.475610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.794151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.050952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1256310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1256310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1256310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1256310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1256310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1256310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    128289194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    128289194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    128289194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    128289194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    128289194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    128289194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1256363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1256363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1256363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1256363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1256363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1256363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2420550.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2420550.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2420550.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2420550.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2420550.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2420550.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       577028                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       577028                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86682093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86682093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86682093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86682093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86682093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86682093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2342759.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2342759.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2342759.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2342759.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2342759.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2342759.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3845                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148982273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             36328.279200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   219.765472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    36.234528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.858459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.141541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       999864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       742554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1969                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1969                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1742418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1742418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1742418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1742418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           52                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           52                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         9849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         9849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2227079448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2227079448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4372809                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4372809                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2231452257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2231452257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2231452257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2231452257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1009661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       742606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1752267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1752267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1752267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1752267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 227322.593447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227322.593447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84092.480769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84092.480769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 226566.378008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226566.378008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 226566.378008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226566.378008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         6003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         6003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    942523192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    942523192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       958972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       958972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    943482164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    943482164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    943482164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    943482164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 245961.167015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245961.167015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        68498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        68498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 245315.175247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245315.175247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 245315.175247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245315.175247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              572.452850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1032064831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1779422.122414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.322825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.130024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.050197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1108066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1108066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1108066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1108066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1108066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     91455666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91455666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     91455666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91455666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     91455666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91455666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1108118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1108118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1108118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1758762.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1758762.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167350                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       583675                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68795295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68795295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68795295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68795295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68795295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68795295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1859332.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859332.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 7571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              406612924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 7827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             51950.035007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   110.966544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   145.033456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2890430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2890430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1582464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1582464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4472894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4472894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4472894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4472894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        27595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        27595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13378594619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13378594619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     29631466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29631466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13408226085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13408226085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13408226085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13408226085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2917995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2917995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1582494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1582494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4500489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4500489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4500489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4500489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485347.165572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 485347.165572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 987715.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 987715.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3529730126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3529730126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9007300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9007300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3538737426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3538737426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3538737426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3538737426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 466772.034647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466772.034647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1000811.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1000811.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              510.997320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001230935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1929154.017341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.997320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.057688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1222839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1222839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    142470251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142470251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    142470251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    142470251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    142470251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    142470251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2590368.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2590368.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2590368.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2590368.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2590368.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2590368.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       833312                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       416656                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    125270983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125270983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    125270983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125270983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    125270983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125270983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2847067.795455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2847067.795455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2847067.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2847067.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2847067.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2847067.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152644872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35367.208526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   221.115156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    34.884844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.863731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.136269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       840403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       706576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1546979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1546979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1546979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1546979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4394101621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4394101621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6870780                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6870780                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4400972401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4400972401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4400972401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4400972401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       853323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       706662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1559985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1559985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1559985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1559985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340100.744659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340100.744659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 79892.790698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79892.790698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338380.163079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338380.163079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338380.163079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338380.163079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8946                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8946                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1231160589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1231160589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       979162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       979162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1232139751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232139751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1232139751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232139751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 304366.029419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304366.029419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 65277.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65277.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 303482.697291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303482.697291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 303482.697291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303482.697291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              551.482611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              921321893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1657053.764388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.310101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.172509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.040561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1176861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1176861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1176861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1176861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1176861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55334485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55334485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55334485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55334485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55334485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55334485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1176903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1176903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1176903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1317487.738095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1317487.738095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1317487.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1317487.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1317487.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1317487.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43969733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43969733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43969733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43969733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43969733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43969733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1516197.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1516197.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1516197.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1516197.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1516197.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1516197.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              205429564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             37001.002161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   193.380155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    62.619845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.755391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.244609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1749717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1749717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          764                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          764                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2070228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2070228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2070228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2070228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8392371923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8392371923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2283001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2283001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8394654924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8394654924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8394654924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8394654924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1768322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1768322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2088859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2088859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2088859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2088859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 451081.533083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451081.533083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87807.730769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87807.730769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 450574.575922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450574.575922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 450574.575922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450574.575922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1739591561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1739591561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       393637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       393637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1739985198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1739985198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1739985198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1739985198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328845.285633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328845.285633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 65606.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65606.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328547.054003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328547.054003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328547.054003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328547.054003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              510.903859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1002478853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1927843.948077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.903859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.046320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1154702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1154702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1154702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1154702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1154702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    127976360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    127976360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    127976360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    127976360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    127976360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    127976360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1154755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1154755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1154755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2414648.301887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2414648.301887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2414648.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2414648.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2414648.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2414648.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79024166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79024166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79024166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79024166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79024166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79024166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2079583.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2079583.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2079583.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2079583.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2079583.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2079583.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              158488054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             28031.137955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   226.487499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    29.512501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.884717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.115283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       812107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        812107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       684673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       684673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1496780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1496780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7892911135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7892911135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    452347977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    452347977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8345259112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8345259112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8345259112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8345259112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       830563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       830563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       685321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1515884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1515884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.022221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 427660.984775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 427660.984775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 698067.865741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 698067.865741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436833.077471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436833.077471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436833.077471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436833.077471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7187492                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 653408.363636                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1832979402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1832979402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3169574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3169574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1836148976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1836148976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1836148976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1836148976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 340702.491078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340702.491078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 176087.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176087.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 340153.570952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340153.570952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 340153.570952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340153.570952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              572.441076                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1032064035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1779420.750000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.310621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.130455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.050177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1107270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1107270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1107270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1107270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1107270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1107270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94861316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94861316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94861316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94861316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94861316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94861316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1107327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1107327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1107327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1107327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1107327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1107327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1664233.614035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1664233.614035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1664233.614035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1664233.614035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1664233.614035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1664233.614035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       546199                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       546199                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70006717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70006717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70006717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70006717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70006717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70006717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1892073.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1892073.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1892073.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1892073.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1892073.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1892073.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7560                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              406608170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7816                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             52022.539662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   110.967819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   145.032181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.433468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.566532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2887444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2887444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1580697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1580697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4468141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4468141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4468141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4468141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        27678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        27678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13473199299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13473199299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35455458                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35455458                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13508654757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13508654757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13508654757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13508654757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2915092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2915092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1580727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1580727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4495819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4495819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4495819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4495819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 487311.895942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 487311.895942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1181848.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1181848.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 488064.699653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488064.699653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 488064.699653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488064.699653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1312                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1312                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3558964851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3558964851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10145257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10145257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3569110108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3569110108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3569110108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3569110108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 471323.646007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471323.646007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1127250.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1127250.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 472104.511640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472104.511640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 472104.511640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472104.511640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              487.900696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1004354194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2033105.655870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    32.900696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.052725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1254754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1254754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1254754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1254754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1254754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1254754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    140790059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140790059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    140790059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140790059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    140790059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140790059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1254811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1254811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1254811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1254811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1254811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1254811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2470001.035088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2470001.035088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2470001.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2470001.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2470001.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2470001.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576998                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91253863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91253863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91253863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91253863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91253863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91253863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2339842.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2339842.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2339842.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2339842.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2339842.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2339842.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148979217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             36300.978801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   219.760831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    36.239169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.858441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.141559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       998289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        998289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       741064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1739353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1739353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1739353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1739353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2270453189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2270453189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5701373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5701373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2276154562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2276154562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2276154562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2276154562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1008066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       741134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1749200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1749200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1749200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1749200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 232223.912141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 232223.912141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 81448.185714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81448.185714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 231152.083071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 231152.083071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 231152.083071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 231152.083071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    967390606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    967390606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1062281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1062281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    968452887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    968452887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    968452887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    968452887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 252384.713279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252384.713279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70818.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70818.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 251676.945686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251676.945686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 251676.945686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251676.945686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              521.139602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1006904911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1910635.504744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.139602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.049903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1129586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1129586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1129586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1129586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1129586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1129586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100884194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100884194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100884194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100884194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100884194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100884194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1129644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1129644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1129644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1129644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1129644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1129644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1739382.655172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1739382.655172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1739382.655172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1739382.655172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1739382.655172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1739382.655172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63536784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63536784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63536784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63536784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63536784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63536784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1717210.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1717210.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1717210.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1717210.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1717210.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1717210.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 6638                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              167291187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 6894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             24266.200609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   226.759571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    29.240429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.885780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.114220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       780436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        780436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       645148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       645148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1425584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1425584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1425584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1425584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        17529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        17529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7614606519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7614606519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     94984833                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     94984833                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7709591352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7709591352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7709591352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7709591352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       797875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       797875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       645238                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       645238                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1443113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1443113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1443113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1443113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 436642.383107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436642.383107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1055387.033333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1055387.033333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 439819.233955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439819.233955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 439819.233955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439819.233955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2955626041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2955626041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10789202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10789202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2966415243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2966415243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2966415243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2966415243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 446266.954703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446266.954703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 719280.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719280.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 446883.887165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446883.887165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 446883.887165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446883.887165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              520.838654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1006903338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1914264.901141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    30.838654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.049421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1128013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1128013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1128013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1128013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1128013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1128013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101907608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101907608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101907608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101907608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101907608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101907608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1128069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1128069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1128069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1128069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1128069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1128069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1819778.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1819778.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1819778.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1819778.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1819778.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1819778.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72407217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72407217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72407217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72407217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72407217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72407217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2011311.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2011311.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2011311.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2011311.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2011311.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2011311.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 6625                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              167291150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 6881                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             24312.040401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   226.780098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    29.219902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.885860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.114140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       780402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        780402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       645141                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       645141                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1425543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1425543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1425543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1425543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        17453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        17453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7646788696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7646788696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     87196724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87196724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7733985420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7733985420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7733985420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7733985420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       797761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       797761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       645235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       645235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1442996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1442996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1442996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1442996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 440508.594735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440508.594735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 927624.723404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927624.723404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 443132.150347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443132.150347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 443132.150347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443132.150347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2994960281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2994960281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9892347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9892347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3004852628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3004852628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3004852628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3004852628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453095.352648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453095.352648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 659489.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 659489.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453562.660830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453562.660830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453562.660830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453562.660830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              487.901226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1004354408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2033106.089069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    32.901226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.052726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1254968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1254968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1254968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1254968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1254968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1254968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    135161527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    135161527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    135161527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    135161527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    135161527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    135161527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1255025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1255025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1255025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2371254.859649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2371254.859649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2371254.859649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2371254.859649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2371254.859649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2371254.859649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     89343310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89343310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     89343310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89343310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     89343310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89343310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2290854.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2290854.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2290854.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2290854.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2290854.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2290854.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148979506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             36301.049220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   219.761757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    36.238243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.858444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.141556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       998454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        998454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       741188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1739642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1739642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1739642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1739642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         9848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         9848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2255153293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2255153293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5709014                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5709014                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2260862307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2260862307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2260862307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2260862307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1008232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       741258                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741258                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1749490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1749490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1749490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1749490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 230635.435979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230635.435979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 81557.342857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81557.342857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 229575.782595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 229575.782595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 229575.782595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229575.782595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    960864267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    960864267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1062162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1062162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    961926429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    961926429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    961926429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    961926429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 250682.042004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250682.042004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 70810.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70810.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 249980.880717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249980.880717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 249980.880717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249980.880717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              508.411799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1002479052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1942788.860465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.411799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.042327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1154901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1154901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1154901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1154901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1154901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90589208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90589208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90589208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90589208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90589208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90589208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1154948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1154948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1154948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1927429.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1927429.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1927429.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1927429.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1927429.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1927429.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61390759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61390759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61390759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61390759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61390759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61390759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1805610.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1805610.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1805610.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1805610.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1805610.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1805610.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              158490686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             28101.185461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   226.500981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    29.499019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.884769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.115231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       813569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        813569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       685890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1499459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1499459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1499459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1499459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          612                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          612                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7801787633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7801787633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    329339577                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    329339577                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8131127210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8131127210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8131127210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8131127210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       831924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       831924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       686502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1518426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1518426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 425049.721220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 425049.721220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 538136.563725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 538136.563725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 428698.645542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428698.645542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 428698.645542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428698.645542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4143085                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 460342.777778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1843060942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1843060942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2568872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2568872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1845629814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1845629814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1845629814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1845629814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 343470.171823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343470.171823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 142715.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142715.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 342798.999629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342798.999629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 342798.999629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342798.999629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              522.537196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1006905323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1903412.708885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    32.847258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   489.689938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.052640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.784760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.837399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1129998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1129998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1129998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1129998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1129998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1129998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109943816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109943816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109943816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109943816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109943816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109943816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1130056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1130056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1130056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1130056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1130056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1130056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1895583.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1895583.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1895583.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1895583.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1895583.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1895583.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72846958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72846958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72846958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72846958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72846958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72846958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1867870.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1867870.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1867870.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1867870.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1867870.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1867870.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6640                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              167291257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             24259.172999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   226.934694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    29.065306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.886464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.113536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       780509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        780509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       645175                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       645175                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1425684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1425684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1425684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1425684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        17566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        17566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7674104428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7674104428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     82334843                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82334843                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7756439271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7756439271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7756439271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7756439271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       797985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       797985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       645265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       645265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1443250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1443250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1443250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1443250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 439122.478141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439122.478141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 914831.588889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 914831.588889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 441559.789992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441559.789992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 441559.789992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441559.789992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2985911828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2985911828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9442549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9442549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2995354377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2995354377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2995354377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2995354377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 450703.672151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450703.672151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 629503.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 629503.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 451107.586898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451107.586898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 451107.586898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451107.586898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              486.826408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1004354863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2033107.010121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.826408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.051004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1255423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1255423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1255423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1255423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1255423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    140600993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140600993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    140600993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140600993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    140600993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140600993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1255482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1255482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1255482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2383067.677966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2383067.677966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2383067.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2383067.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2383067.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2383067.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       637950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       212650                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94318266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94318266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94318266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94318266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94318266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94318266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2418417.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2418417.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2418417.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2418417.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2418417.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2418417.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3864                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148979595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             36160.095874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   219.742439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    36.257561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.858369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.141631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       998288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        998288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       741475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1739763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1739763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1739763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1739763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         9917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         9917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2246760428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2246760428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6811725                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6811725                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2253572153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2253572153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2253572153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2253572153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1008116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       741564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1749680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1749680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1749680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1749680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 228608.102157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228608.102157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 76536.235955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76536.235955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 227243.334980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227243.334980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 227243.334980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227243.334980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3255                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         3255                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    955707132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    955707132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1194506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1194506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    956901638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    956901638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    956901638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    956901638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 248429.199896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248429.199896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 70265.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70265.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 247645.351449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247645.351449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 247645.351449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247645.351449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              506.731119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001231072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1947920.373541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.731119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.050851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1222976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1222976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1222976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1222976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1222976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83376655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83376655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83376655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83376655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83376655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83376655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1223027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1223027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1223027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1634836.372549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1634836.372549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1634836.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1634836.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1634836.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1634836.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65181786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65181786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65181786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65181786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65181786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65181786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1671327.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1671327.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1671327.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1671327.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1671327.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1671327.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4050                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              152643670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35449.064097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   221.158383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    34.841617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.863900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.136100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       839790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       705952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1545742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1545742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        12958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        12958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4366971432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4366971432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6638621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6638621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4373610053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4373610053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4373610053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4373610053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       852664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       706036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1558700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1558700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 339208.593444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339208.593444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 79031.202381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79031.202381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337521.998225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337521.998225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337521.998225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337521.998225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1210856472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1210856472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       971783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1211828255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211828255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1211828255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211828255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 300088.344981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300088.344981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64785.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64785.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 299216.853086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299216.853086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 299216.853086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299216.853086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              521.476207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1006904224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1914266.585551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.476207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.050443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1128899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1128899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1128899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1128899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1128899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1128899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    114411302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114411302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    114411302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114411302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    114411302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114411302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1128956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1128956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1128956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1128956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1128956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1128956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2007215.824561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2007215.824561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2007215.824561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2007215.824561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2007215.824561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2007215.824561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74134886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74134886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74134886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74134886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74134886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74134886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2059302.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2059302.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2059302.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2059302.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2059302.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2059302.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6636                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167291702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             24273.317179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   226.785631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    29.214369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.885881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.114119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       780701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        780701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       645407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       645407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1426108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1426108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1426108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1426108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        17509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        17509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7694674778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7694674778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     79919660                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79919660                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7774594438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7774594438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7774594438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7774594438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       798118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       798118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       645499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       645499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1443617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1443617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1443617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1443617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 441791.053454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441791.053454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 868691.956522                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 868691.956522                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 444034.178879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444034.178879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 444034.178879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444034.178879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3014677900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3014677900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9118285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9118285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3023796185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3023796185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3023796185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3023796185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 455320.631325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455320.631325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 607885.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 607885.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 455665.488999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455665.488999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 455665.488999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455665.488999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
