
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.111578                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                111578336316                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               639353712861                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 315657                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   395561                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1988057                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67741412                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56124.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17716022890                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22200610569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1533696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1104768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4433152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2383360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1536896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1536000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1105280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2386304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2384256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2382208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4430464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1533696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1104768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4424704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1105792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3737472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             37203584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12848384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12848384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         8631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        34634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        18620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        12007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        12000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         8635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        18643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        18627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        18611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        34613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        11982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         8631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        34568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         8639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        29199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                290653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          100378                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               100378                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13745464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        43593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data      9901277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     39731297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21360419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13774143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13766113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      9905866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21386804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21368449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21350094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39707206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13745464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9901277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39655583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data      9910454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33496395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               333430173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        43593                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42446                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             723868                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         115151242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              115151242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         115151242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13745464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        43593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data      9901277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        49329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     39731297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21360419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13774143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13766113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      9905866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        41298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21386804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        42446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21368449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21350094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39707206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13745464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9901277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39655583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data      9910454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33496395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              448581415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20643116                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16889356                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023695                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8657513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8137890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92427                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199115624                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115386424                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20643116                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10274064                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24099240                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5498181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     10890219                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12181497                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024698                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    237553325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      213454085     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1124303      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1784581      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2420718      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2489730      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2107888      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1177439      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1753075      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11241506      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    237553325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077149                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431232                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197065726                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     12957650                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24054616                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        27458                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3447870                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3398591                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141611990                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1952                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3447870                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197603818                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1761254                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      9943045                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23550114                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1247219                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141560282                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       185894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       534794                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197547545                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658513415                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658513415                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26002004                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3699814                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13262728                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7183623                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84606                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141400690                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134420615                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18373                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15419172                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36721743                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1720                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237553325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180622854     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23452765      9.87%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11870587      5.00%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8911870      3.75%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7012056      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836913      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790087      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931789      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124404      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237553325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25255     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81844     36.62%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116367     52.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113060608     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001326      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12180950      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7160869      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134420615                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.502368                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223466                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506636393                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156856134                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132397460                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134644081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273167                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118447                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          547                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94020                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3447870                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1458931                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121810                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141436560                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13262728                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7183623                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102629                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          547                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131761                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132557121                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11462266                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1863493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18622862                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18844329                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7160596                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.495404                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132397682                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132397460                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        75997231                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204775678                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.494807                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18387614                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2049200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234105455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183596196     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25045360     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9453656      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4507243      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3814505      1.63%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2181114      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1894159      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       859774      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2753448      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234105455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2753448                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          372787879                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286321056                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3020339                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              30020624                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.675739                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.675739                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.373728                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.373728                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596624679                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184430740                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131274089                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              267573941                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23189069                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19306227                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2111122                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9126692                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8502109                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2497166                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98572                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201952092                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            127223743                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23189069                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10999275                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            26523808                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5860266                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     18384676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12539659                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2018158                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    250592045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      224068237     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1627289      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2053523      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3270945      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1366038      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1762841      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        2053613      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         941196      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13448363      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    250592045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086664                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.475471                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      200772476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     19679169                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        26398682                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        12121                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3729590                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3529874                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          516                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    155485065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2858                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3729590                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      200974606                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        644644                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     18472520                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        26209147                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       561532                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    154530707                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        81005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       391924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    215858441                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    718652585                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    718652585                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    180795004                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       35063437                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        38153                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1977770                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     14449689                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7565685                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84164                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1706385                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        150897255                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38284                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       144836010                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143345                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18193806                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36927349                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250592045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189211572     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28006659     11.18%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11442990      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6408548      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8688634      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2673901      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2634749      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414744      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110248      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250592045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997376     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133737     10.61%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129150     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122022652     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1980329      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17929      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13273102      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7541998      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    144836010                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.541293                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1260263                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008701                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541667673                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169130029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141071273                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    146096273                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106768                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2698752                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          686                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98565                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3729590                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        491285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61980                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150935543                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14449689                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7565685                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20224                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54199                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          686                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1254925                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1177324                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2432249                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142314936                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13055646                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2521074                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           20597196                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       20129689                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7541550                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.531871                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            141071561                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           141071273                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        84511971                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       227033006                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.527224                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372245                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105182986                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    129610322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21325824                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2129156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246862455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192007161     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27795964     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10095279      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5029099      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4602437      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1935181      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908555      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910712      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2578067      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246862455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    105182986                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    129610322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             19218057                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11750937                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             18040                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         18787022                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       116691247                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2676470                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2578067                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          395219806                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         305601897                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3061412                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              16981896                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         105182986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           129610322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    105182986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.543890                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.543890                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.393099                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.393099                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      640380405                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     197135521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     143830178                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        36132                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18084647                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16319319                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       946300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6773969                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6465511                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         997701                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41841                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191849681                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            113658377                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18084647                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      7463212                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22479902                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       2986710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     26792543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11005247                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       950189                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    243141691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      220661789     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         801527      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1636801      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         699800      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        3734383      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3332914      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         643301      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1348378      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10282798      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    243141691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067587                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.424774                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      189875436                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     28781677                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22396437                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        71828                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2016308                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1586817                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          492                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    133273384                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2780                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2016308                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      190128167                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles      26773415                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1149841                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22245920                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       828033                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    133201789                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       423054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       274327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5886                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    156384753                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    627333016                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    627333016                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    138640421                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       17744228                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        15446                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7794                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1932118                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     31424412                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     15889807                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145837                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       772496                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        132942897                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       127742844                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72868                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10337922                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24891012                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243141691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197273030     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14000744      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11332981      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4894926      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6118516      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5798839      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3297584      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262971      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162100      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243141691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        322264     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2456723     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71815      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80136472     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1115817      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7648      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30631060     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15851847     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    127742844                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.477411                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2850802                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022317                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501551049                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143299600                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126654774                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    130593646                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       229169                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1224954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          488                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3293                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99515                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11264                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2016308                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles      26133320                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       250282                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132958480                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31424412                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15889807                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7796                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       154667                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           94                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3293                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       549612                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       559822                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1109434                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126854617                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30532137                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       888227                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           46382407                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16623096                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         15850270                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.474092                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            126658052                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           126654774                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        68428126                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       135112628                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473345                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506452                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102906153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    120931421                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12041328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15416                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       967038                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241125383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    197105407     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16198700      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7544815      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7420078      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2054918      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8494124      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       647132      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471899      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1188310      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241125383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    102906153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    120931421                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             45989742                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            30199450                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15969913                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       107536788                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1171351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1188310                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          372909510                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         267962059                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4119023                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              24432258                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         102906153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           120931421                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    102906153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.600174                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.600174                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384590                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384590                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      627120366                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     147077942                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     158675697                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        15392                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              267573928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19637419                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16103308                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1922654                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8058032                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7660878                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2013564                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85974                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187382935                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            111665979                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19637419                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9674442                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24551935                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5479322                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     17729566                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11548879                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912833                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    233186675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      208634740     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2661256      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        3077083      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1691091      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1942470      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1070201      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         730891      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1904517      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11474426      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    233186675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073391                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.417328                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      185844082                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     19296986                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24346887                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       194437                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3504282                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3188354                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        17959                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    136303386                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        89490                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3504282                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      186143531                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       6307835                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     12150715                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24249238                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       831065                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    136219557                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       211684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       385168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           17                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    189282463                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    634223621                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    634223621                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    161481830                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       27800502                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35611                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19858                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2231469                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13006733                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7084149                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       185725                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1575716                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        135990865                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35681                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       128458301                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       182350                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17099315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39603975                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3965                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233186675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179070959     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21756142      9.33%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11692616      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8102324      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7082153      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3618551      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       879459      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       563934      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420537      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233186675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33458     12.10%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118736     42.95%     55.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124266     44.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107520072     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2008913      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15726      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11881314      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7032276      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    128458301                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.480085                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276460                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490562087                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153127075                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126316036                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    128734761                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       322463                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2306421                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          831                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1216                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       160613                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7865                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4639                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3504282                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       5841675                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       141475                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136026666                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        72258                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13006733                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7084149                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19840                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99444                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1216                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1112321                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1082088                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2194409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126561996                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11157411                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1896305                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18187945                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17703607                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7030534                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.472998                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            126317874                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           126316036                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        75069638                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       196652414                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472079                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381738                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94827466                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    116341607                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19686334                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31716                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1933741                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229682393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182153163     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22039647      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9238889      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5553576      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3838556      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2482221      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1288508      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1035587      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2052246      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229682393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     94827466                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    116341607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17623827                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10700302                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             15824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16650320                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       104886772                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2366960                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2052246                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          363657451                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         275560334                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2873176                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              34387253                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          94827466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           116341607                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     94827466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.821692                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.821692                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.354397                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.354397                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      570884692                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     175304297                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     127207511                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        31686                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20685248                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16923621                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2026231                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8694150                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8156539                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2139937                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92329                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199490660                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            115614772                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20685248                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10296476                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24146898                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5505742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     10703355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12203202                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2027412                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    237794127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      213647229     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1126159      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1786935      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2426267      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2495241      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2111116      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1180687      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1757246      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11263247      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    237794127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077307                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.432085                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      197437587                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     12773972                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24102106                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        27613                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3452844                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3405759                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    141895877                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1936                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3452844                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      197976485                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1765820                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      9753934                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23596938                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1248101                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    141843873                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       185517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       535493                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    197930339                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    659838229                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    659838229                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    171881621                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       26048717                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35643                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18741                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3698464                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13290491                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7198050                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1691759                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        141681813                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35770                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       134680592                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18408                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15456724                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36827056                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1694                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237794127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180795770     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23441274      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11882235      5.00%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8948813      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7033922      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2842511      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1791438      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       933774      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124390      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237794127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25110     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82000     36.63%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116729     52.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113278982     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2005435      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16895      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12204286      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7174994      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    134680592                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.503340                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223839                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507397558                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157174856                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132657481                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    134904431                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272653                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2124417                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           90                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          552                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94570                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3452844                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1462528                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122281                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141717722                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        19921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13290491                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7198050                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18747                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103147                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          552                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182126                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1133241                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2315367                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132817229                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11485282                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1863363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18659998                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18881047                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7174716                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.496376                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            132657703                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           132657481                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        76144546                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       205172294                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.495779                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371125                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100195856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    123289863                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18427871                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34076                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2051790                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234341283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183769124     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25059104     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9473995      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4516975      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3802287      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2183911      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1910763      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       862429      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2762695      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234341283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    100195856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    123289863                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18269554                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11166074                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17000                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17778606                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       111082657                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2538790                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2762695                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          373295633                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         286888368                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3025058                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              29779822                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         100195856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           123289863                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    100195856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.670509                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.670509                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374460                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374460                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      597796633                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     184787354                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     131534463                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        34046                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20679276                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16920109                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2027568                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8674991                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8152001                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2139942                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92438                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199447966                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            115592504                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20679276                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10291943                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24143922                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5511059                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     10690394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12202554                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2028870                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    237739478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597196                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      213595556     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1128316      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1789921      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2424750      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2492991      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2108858      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1179826      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1754644      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11264616      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    237739478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077284                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.432002                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      197394531                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     12761229                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24099482                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        27407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3456824                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3403666                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    141867252                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1945                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3456824                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      197934663                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1782661                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      9723573                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23592941                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1248811                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    141815629                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       185627                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       535688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    197902661                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    659705071                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    659705071                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    171815735                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       26086926                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        35583                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18690                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3705491                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13288997                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7194880                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1723288                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        141651727                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35706                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       134643338                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18404                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15478142                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36871415                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1646                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237739478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180735454     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23465028      9.87%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11884281      5.00%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8935466      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7027898      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2839738      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1792748      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       934340      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124525      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237739478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25297     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81969     36.65%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116362     52.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113248210     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2004524      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16888      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12201848      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7171868      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    134643338                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.503200                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223628                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507268186                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157166131                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132612502                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    134866966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273120                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2127205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          559                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94141                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3456824                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1479595                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122239                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141687575                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        27526                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13288997                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7194880                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18694                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103037                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          559                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182392                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134395                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2316787                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132772270                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11479547                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1871068                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18651145                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18872650                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7171598                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.496208                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            132612713                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           132612502                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        76123634                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       205122646                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.495611                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371113                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100157387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    123242601                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18444983                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2053114                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234282654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183711225     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25068238     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9469881      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4512097      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3812983      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2183495      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1903532      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861913      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2759290      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234282654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    100157387                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    123242601                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18262531                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11161792                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16992                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17771810                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       111040052                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2537819                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2759290                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          373210259                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         286832047                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3024647                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              29834471                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         100157387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           123242601                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    100157387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.671535                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.671535                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.374317                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.374317                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      597593568                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     184735145                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     131504278                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        34030                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23179717                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19303069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2112163                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9137343                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8498026                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2497984                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98598                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201944081                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            127193543                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23179717                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10996010                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            26521997                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5861428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     18385760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12539228                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2018663                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    250585010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      224063013     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1626624      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2058922      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3271787      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1367347      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1759465      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        2053497      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         935754      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13448601      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    250585010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086629                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.475358                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      200765667                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     19681211                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        26396035                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        12371                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3729719                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3523734                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          513                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    155445446                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2855                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3729719                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      200968156                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        645897                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     18473055                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        26206025                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       562152                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    154485298                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        81181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       392483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    215817086                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    718476574                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    718476574                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    180766008                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       35051078                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        38128                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1981430                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     14448021                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7559665                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84541                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1707285                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        150846496                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38259                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       144799745                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142758                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18185067                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36880198                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2101                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250585010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189216563     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28007212     11.18%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11435494      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6405904      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8690971      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2668958      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2634610      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414885      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110413      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250585010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997964     79.18%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133272     10.57%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129097     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121992995     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1980500      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17926      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13272247      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7536077      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    144799745                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.541158                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1260333                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008704                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541587591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169070510                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141033009                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    146060078                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106760                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2698981                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          690                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93756                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3729719                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        491793                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62994                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150884761                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14448021                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7559665                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        55228                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           65                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          690                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1257065                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1176172                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2433237                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142277168                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13054548                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2522577                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20590169                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       20121125                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7535621                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.531730                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            141033290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           141033009                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        84507880                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       227018408                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.527080                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372251                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105166120                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    129589493                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21295903                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36158                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2130195                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246855291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192005353     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27796319     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10092037      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5030082      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4600038      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1935026      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908555      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910806      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577075      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246855291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    105166120                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    129589493                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             19214949                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11749040                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18038                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18783983                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       116672503                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2676036                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2577075                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          395162884                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         305500525                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3063784                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              16988939                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         105166120                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           129589493                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    105166120                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.544298                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.544298                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.393036                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.393036                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      640225519                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     197096300                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     143792884                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        36128                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19651183                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16112860                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1923322                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8072073                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7666748                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2016645                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85977                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187597208                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            111760607                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19651183                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9683393                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24572471                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5476624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     17694033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11560425                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913629                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    233382710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      208810239     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2665525      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3076797      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1691623      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1944872      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1070806      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         732805      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1905071      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11484972      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    233382710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.417681                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      186052202                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     19267491                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24368299                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       193712                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3501005                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3192154                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        17993                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    136421615                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        89606                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3501005                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      186351171                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       6057088                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     12371773                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24270699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       830965                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    136339182                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       211619                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       385323                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    189454097                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    634793010                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    634793010                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    161698596                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       27755501                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        35585                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19823                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2226204                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13017831                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7093455                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186995                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1573997                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        136113246                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       128604613                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183482                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17065999                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39511198                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3910                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233382710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179202315     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21786851      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11706788      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8107493      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7088267      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3625421      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       879155      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       564756      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       421664      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233382710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33045     11.97%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118407     42.89%     54.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124642     45.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107637620     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2011306      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15747      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11898737      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7041203      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    128604613                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.480632                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276094                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    491051512                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153216135                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126459434                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    128880707                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       324237                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2303182                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          777                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1227                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       160655                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7875                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4480                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3501005                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       5608826                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       140806                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136149033                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        71853                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13017831                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7093455                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98548                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1227                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1112539                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1081766                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2194305                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126706119                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11172090                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1898494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 121                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18211521                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17724117                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7039431                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.473537                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            126461197                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           126459434                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        75155631                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       196863387                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.472615                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381765                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94954697                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    116497783                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19652462                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31756                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1934396                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229881705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182291117     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22067275      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9250758      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5560632      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3843882      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2485869      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1289206      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1036741      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2056225      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229881705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     94954697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    116497783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             17647449                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10714649                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             15844                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         16672717                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       105027550                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2370150                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2056225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          363975088                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         275801561                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2875634                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              34191239                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          94954697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           116497783                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     94954697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.817912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.817912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.354873                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.354873                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      571541439                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     175506100                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     127321659                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        31726                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19636981                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16101686                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1920334                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8111063                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7665385                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2015167                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86508                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187406723                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            111638105                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19636981                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9680552                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24548715                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5463758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     17554083                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11546689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1909721                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    233019167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      208470452     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2661549      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        3075914      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1689981      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1946069      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1071789      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         730274      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1903758      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11469381      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    233019167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073389                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.417223                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      185876670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     19113147                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24346335                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       191388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3491626                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3189283                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        18021                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    136268601                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        89417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3491626                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      186173217                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       6448306                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     11833321                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24249147                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       823541                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    136184537                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       211552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       381146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    189242908                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    634065565                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    634065565                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    161558491                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       27684417                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        35495                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19748                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2207967                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13005946                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7084817                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186520                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1574591                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        135959976                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35565                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       128470410                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183839                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17018252                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39383843                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3833                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233019167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178888102     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21768461      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11697307      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8103714      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7079092      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3620680      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       877219      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       563625      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420967      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233019167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33657     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118331     42.82%     55.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124370     45.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107527094     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2009505      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15734      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11885127      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7032950      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    128470410                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.480130                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276358                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490420184                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153015009                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126334703                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    128746768                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       323739                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2300569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          784                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1219                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       158001                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7867                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4062                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3491626                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       5977532                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       142617                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135995660                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        70366                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13005946                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7084817                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19716                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100232                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1219                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1111832                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079705                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2191537                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126577916                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11161011                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1892494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18192394                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17710536                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7031383                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473058                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            126336470                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           126334703                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        75083292                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       196650058                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.472149                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381812                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94872486                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    116396848                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19600258                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31732                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1931286                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229527541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181973262     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22052555      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9244641      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5554521      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3842167      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2482727      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1288305      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1035589      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2053774      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229527541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     94872486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    116396848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17632193                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10705377                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16658225                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       104936593                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2368092                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2053774                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          363470236                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         275485916                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2870994                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              34554782                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          94872486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           116396848                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     94872486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.820354                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.820354                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.354565                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.354565                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      570969618                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     175332307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     127185633                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        31702                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19586477                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16061350                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1919774                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8130116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7647973                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2011312                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86387                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187032059                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            111334005                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19586477                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9659285                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24487846                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5456623                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     17728222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11524743                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1908986                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    232750853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      208263007     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2655987      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3071711      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1687881      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1936375      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1072740      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         730000      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1895252      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11437900      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    232750853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073200                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.416087                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      185499290                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     19289572                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24283174                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       194047                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3484769                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3179830                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        17957                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    135903475                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        88962                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3484769                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      185797592                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       6495904                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     11957417                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24186282                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       828880                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    135819221                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       212327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       382671                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           62                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    188738975                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    632334392                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    632334392                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    161166470                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       27572429                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35729                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19991                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2217885                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12976741                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7064002                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186305                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1567784                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        135598407                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35806                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       128161717                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183401                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16937798                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39117084                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4152                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232750853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178748088     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21724586      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11671856      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8071654      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7061221      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3610517      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       879563      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       563334      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420034      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232750853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34228     12.39%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117822     42.67%     55.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124099     44.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107270686     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2002656      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15695      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11859918      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7012762      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    128161717                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.478977                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276149                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489533837                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152573250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126022561                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    128437866                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       323465                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2297353                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          805                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1240                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       154050                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7848                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4401                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3484769                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       6026073                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143243                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135634334                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        69513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12976741                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7064002                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19994                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100171                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1240                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1113002                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1077048                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2190050                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126267427                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11135934                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1894290                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 121                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18147203                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17666357                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7011269                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.471897                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            126024605                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           126022561                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        74896998                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       196150451                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.470982                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381834                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94642145                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    116114289                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19521381                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31653                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1930778                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229266084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181828831     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21997945      9.59%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9221149      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5540622      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3832915      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2477675      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1284932      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1033567      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2048448      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229266084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     94642145                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    116114289                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             17589311                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10679371                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             15792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16617788                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       104681865                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2362348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2048448                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          362852669                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         274756262                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2868102                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              34823096                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          94642145                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           116114289                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     94642145                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.827218                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.827218                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.353705                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.353705                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      569575171                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     174902299                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     126840785                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        31624                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18085410                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16320923                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       947083                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6741975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6461366                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         997185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191798146                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            113644925                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18085410                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      7458551                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            22475478                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       2992012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     26734065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11003095                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       950993                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    243031712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      220556234     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         800008      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1637157      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         699248      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        3731222      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3332503      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         641661      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1350186      0.56%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10283493      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    243031712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067590                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.424723                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      189861502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     28685746                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        22391837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        71850                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2020772                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1586080                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          486                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    133263812                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2789                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2020772                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      190114059                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles      26670739                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1157082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        22240335                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       828718                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    133191305                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       421230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       275227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5593                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    156386652                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    627265930                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    627265930                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    138588924                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       17797638                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        15444                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7795                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1931003                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     31416373                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     15882367                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145278                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       774500                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        132927526                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15489                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       127704715                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73129                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10367980                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25001225                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           77                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243031712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197183225     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13993368      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11323537      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4893894      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6115655      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5799011      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3298563      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262134      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162325      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243031712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        321416     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2458190     86.21%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71658      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80119821     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1115376      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7646      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30617262     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15844610     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    127704715                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.477269                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2851264                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022327                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501365535                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143314300                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126612848                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    130555979                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       228561                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1231301                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          486                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3313                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11257                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          109                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2020772                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles      26036223                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       245864                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132943093                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31416373                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15882367                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7795                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       152836                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           95                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3313                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       549457                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       561844                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1111301                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126813455                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30518446                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       891260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           46361538                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16618175                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         15843092                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.473938                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            126616224                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           126612848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        68409383                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       135074679                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473188                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506456                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102864722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    120883330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12074530                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15412                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       967775                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241010940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    197009285     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16192927      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7541393      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7416527      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2050536      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8492702      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       647960      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       472258      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1187352      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241010940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    102864722                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    120883330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             45967963                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            30185063                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7694                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15963776                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       107494154                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1171040                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1187352                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          372781136                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         267936720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4120041                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              24542237                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         102864722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           120883330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    102864722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.601222                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.601222                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.384435                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.384435                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      626893641                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     147041742                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     158640986                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        15388                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       20642321                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16889152                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024955                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8652950                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8136048                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136476                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92488                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199136213                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            115386771                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          20642321                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10272524                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24097746                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5503799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     10821702                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12183635                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025957                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    237508267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931277                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      213410521     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1124300      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1783167      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2419714      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2490860      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2103928      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1177747      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1754618      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11243412      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    237508267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077146                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.431233                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      197086619                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     12888805                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24053376                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        27228                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3452234                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3398119                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    141618705                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1945                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3452234                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      197623624                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1803328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      9834062                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23549833                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1245181                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    141567859                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       185193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       534153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    197555600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    658552912                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    658552912                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    171519403                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       26036197                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        35589                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18725                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         3694568                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     13266378                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7183228                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84273                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1685662                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        141408524                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35711                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       134413651                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18334                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15445681                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36812229                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1707                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237508267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180625318     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23398543      9.85%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11852075      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8927655      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7022512      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2835652      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790169      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       932073      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124270      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237508267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25322     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81834     36.61%     47.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116361     52.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113054223     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2000825      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16859      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12181956      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7159788      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    134413651                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.502342                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223517                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506577420                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156890458                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132384697                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    134637168                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272611                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2123829                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          545                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94721                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3452234                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1501132                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122095                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141444377                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13266378                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7183228                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18729                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102845                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          545                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181622                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132340                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2313962                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132543650                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11459143                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1870001                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18618657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18840882                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7159514                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.495353                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            132384923                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           132384697                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        75986704                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       204758516                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.494759                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99984754                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    123030106                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18414285                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2050457                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234056033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183590582     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25006936     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9456764      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4503415      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3793383      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2178542      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1909344      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       859445      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2757622      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234056033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     99984754                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    123030106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             18231056                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11142549                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             16964                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17741161                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       110848594                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2533438                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2757622                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          372742113                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         286341075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3021410                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              30065682                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          99984754                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           123030106                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     99984754                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.676147                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.676147                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.373671                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.373671                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      596559841                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     184415633                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     131271355                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        33974                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       23170734                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19294873                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2109255                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9106867                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8489761                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2496306                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98421                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201810441                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            127146233                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          23170734                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10986067                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            26509334                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5855477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     18551464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12530214                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2016026                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    250601389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      224092055     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1625540      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2053410      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3269044      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1370560      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1759353      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2054591      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         936618      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13440218      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    250601389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086596                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.475182                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      200631903                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     19846713                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        26383830                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        12234                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3726702                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3523150                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    155385526                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2854                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3726702                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      200833624                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        644261                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     18640963                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        26194470                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       561363                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    154428057                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        81104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       392221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    215728753                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    718198025                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    718198025                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    180674457                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       35054291                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        38145                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1978009                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14438908                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7557139                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84203                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1706955                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        150777751                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38277                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       144730315                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142526                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18174426                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36873128                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250601389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189266634     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27987572     11.17%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11431094      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6401968      2.55%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8688597      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2668483      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2631871      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414738      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110432      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250601389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997630     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133148     10.57%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129024     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121933797     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1979635      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17917      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13265377      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7533589      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    144730315                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.540898                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1259802                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008704                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541464347                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168991138                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140966260                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    145990117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106219                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2695804                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          686                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95003                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3726702                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        490283                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62839                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150816034                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117526                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14438908                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7557139                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        55083                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          686                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1255835                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174162                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2429997                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142209753                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13048017                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2520562                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20581160                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       20111521                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7533143                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.531478                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            140966545                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           140966260                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        84463779                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       226906195                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.526831                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372241                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105112855                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    129523902                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21292777                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36138                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2127272                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246874687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192052179     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27781385     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10088024      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5028378      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4597357      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1933853      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1907567      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910312      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2575632      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246874687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    105112855                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    129523902                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             19205237                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11743101                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             18028                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18774480                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       116613455                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2674687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2575632                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          395115006                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         305360079                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3059544                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              16972560                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         105112855                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           129523902                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    105112855                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.545587                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.545587                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392837                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392837                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      639920758                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     196993953                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     143738626                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        36108                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18064458                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16301140                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       944897                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6816277                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6465110                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         995449                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41735                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191661476                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            113516297                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18064458                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      7460559                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            22455600                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       2979997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     26765536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10993213                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       948789                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    242896950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      220441350     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         799559      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1641638      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         700779      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        3730000      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3323214      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         643606      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1344373      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10272431      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    242896950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067512                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.424243                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      189686306                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     28755350                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        22372798                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        71450                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2011041                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1585005                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          491                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    133110063                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2787                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2011041                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      189939335                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles      26738869                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1151111                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        22221098                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       835489                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    133036242                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       425866                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       275142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9836                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    156170055                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    626533887                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    626533887                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    138512320                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       17657735                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        15427                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7782                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1932501                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     31387261                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     15878862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       144939                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       771089                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        132780387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15474                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       127622448                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        76608                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10287982                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24726429                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           70                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242896950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197060491     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14003193      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11316306      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4894438      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6115058      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5788665      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3294116      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262388      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162295      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242896950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        321571     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2451401     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71702      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80055500     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1114273      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7642      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30609691     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15835342     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    127622448                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.476961                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2844674                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022290                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501063128                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143087132                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126530537                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    130467122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       228171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1218302                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          478                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3296                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104399                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11244                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2011041                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles      26096623                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       249905                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132795944                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31387261                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15878862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7784                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       155304                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          116                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3296                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       551604                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       556875                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1108479                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126735309                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30506451                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       887139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           46340205                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16606426                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         15833754                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.473646                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            126534000                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           126530537                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        68346600                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       134903243                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.472881                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506634                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102808426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    120817017                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11993501                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15404                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       965607                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240885909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    196903723     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16185708      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7539387      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7415420      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2052527      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8485257      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       644835      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471544      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1187508      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240885909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    102808426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    120817017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             45943422                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            30168959                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              7690                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15954975                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       107435134                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1170356                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1187508                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          372508607                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         267632241                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4112668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              24676999                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         102808426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           120817017                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    102808426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.602646                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.602646                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.384224                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.384224                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      626522533                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     146931155                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     158487640                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        15380                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       23188064                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19308220                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2110466                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9127790                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8497325                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2498115                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98460                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201947089                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            127235790                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          23188064                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10995440                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            26528380                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5859206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     18390437                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12538605                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2017203                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    250595825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      224067445     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1627317      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2055961      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3271945      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1368819      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1760778      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        2053804      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         937399      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       13452357      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    250595825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.086660                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.475516                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      200764915                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     19686718                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        26402535                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        12444                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3729206                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3526890                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          514                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    155498131                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2863                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3729206                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      200967537                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        644924                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     18478812                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        26212490                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       562850                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    154538017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        81367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       392984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    215877849                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    718712476                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    718712476                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    180804009                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       35073822                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        38092                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20161                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1984255                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     14451115                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7562606                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84489                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1709563                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        150890604                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       144834975                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18195977                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36918299                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2061                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250595825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189216516     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28006962     11.18%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11440845      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6407900      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8692496      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2670004      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2635533      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1415131      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110438      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250595825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        999330     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133320     10.57%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129126     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122022181     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1980855      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17930      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13274735      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7539274      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    144834975                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.541290                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261776                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008712                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541671368                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169125490                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141070137                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    146096751                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106741                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2699610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          684                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95128                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3729206                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        490693                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62791                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150928837                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14451115                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7562606                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        55022                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          684                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1255385                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1176177                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2431562                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142315297                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13057974                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2519677                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           20596795                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       20127192                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7538821                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.531873                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            141070412                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           141070137                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        84524702                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       227075244                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.527219                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372232                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105188236                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    129616722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21312777                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36166                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2128496                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246866619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192005179     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27801353     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10093963      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5032210      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4601484      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1935157      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1909141      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910810      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577322      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246866619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    105188236                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    129616722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             19218983                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11751505                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             18042                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         18787942                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       116697010                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2676597                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2577322                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          395218068                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         305588225                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3061720                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              16978124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         105188236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           129616722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    105188236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.543763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.543763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393118                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393118                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      640393264                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     197134916                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     143840175                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        36136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18859009                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15422335                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1842574                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7913985                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7448418                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1939766                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81886                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183117845                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            106970636                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18859009                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9388184                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            22425651                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5351626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      8320304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11259555                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1854523                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    217332074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      194906423     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1220009      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1922876      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3056852      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1267423      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1421770      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1507074      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         984956      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11044691      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    217332074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070481                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399780                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      181386577                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     10065334                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        22355902                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        56453                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3467804                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3092393                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    130627660                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2904                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3467804                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      181663118                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2026382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      7203892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22140681                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       830193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    130541583                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        44741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       222866                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       299645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        74636                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    181218418                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    607244325                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    607244325                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    154776920                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       26441421                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        33771                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18805                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2397281                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12448081                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6692278                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       202133                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1522303                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        130357793                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33866                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       123444814                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155906                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16403820                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36458727                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3682                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217332074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    165240667     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20930579      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11440344      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7787076      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7275045      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2092623      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1630508      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       555880      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       379352      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217332074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28597     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87010     38.32%     50.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111467     49.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103409536     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1950167      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14964      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11413636      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6656511      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    123444814                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.461348                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227074                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464604680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146796816                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121465083                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    123671888                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       375500                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2232708                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          337                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       198390                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7695                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3467804                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1264623                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       110309                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130391805                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12448081                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6692278                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18787                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        81087                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1077775                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1050293                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2128068                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121690854                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10736007                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1753958                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           17390803                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17131608                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6654796                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.454793                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            121465955                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           121465083                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        71017512                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       185492417                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.453950                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382859                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90915122                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    111438800                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18953412                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30184                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1882005                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213864270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168626213     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21907925     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8528943      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4596264      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3440859      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1920330      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1185602      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1059573      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2598561      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213864270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     90915122                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    111438800                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16709238                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10215362                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15058                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15996569                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       100414679                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2263842                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2598561                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          341657310                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         264252493                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2966151                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              50241875                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          90915122                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           111438800                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     90915122                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.943118                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.943118                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339776                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339776                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      548775380                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     168361150                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     121850817                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        30158                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        12026                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.439100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         193492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        14074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        13.748188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.917597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     5.046592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1518.463980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         497.010930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.002464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.741437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.242681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 28739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  28895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 28895                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               12023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                12023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               12023                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9969090117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10033408034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9969090117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    10033408034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9969090117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   10033408034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             40762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              40918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             40918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 831936.085872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834517.843633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 831936.085872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 834517.843633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 831936.085872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 834517.843633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           12022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8916738951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8977543435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8916738951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8977543435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8916738951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8977543435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 744177.846019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746759.560389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 744177.846019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746759.560389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 744177.846019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746759.560389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         8669                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.222162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         216244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        10717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        20.177662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.118626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     5.731385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1394.760115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         608.612037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.681035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.297174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 28182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8797                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                8797                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  28393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28391                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 28393                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                8669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 8669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8631                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                8669                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88774923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7072437305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7161212228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88774923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7072437305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     7161212228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88774923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7072437305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    7161212228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             36851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8797                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            8797                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        37022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              37062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        37022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             37062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.234468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.233132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.233132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2336182.184211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 819422.697833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826071.314800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2336182.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 819422.697833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 826071.314800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2336182.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 819422.697833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 826071.314800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4554                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4554                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            8669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           8669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85437166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6314352850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6399790016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85437166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6314352850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6399790016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85437166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6314352850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6399790016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.234468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.233132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.233132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2248346.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 731589.949021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738238.553005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2248346.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 731589.949021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738238.553005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2248346.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 731589.949021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738238.553005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        34677                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.939423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         203100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        36725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         5.530293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.563409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     1.950541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1819.867009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         222.558465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.888607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.108671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 40616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12953                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               12953                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  40645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40644                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 40645                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               34634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                34677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34634                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               34677                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78585678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32606152983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32684738661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68935490                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     68935490                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78585678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32675088473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    32753674151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78585678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32675088473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   32753674151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             75250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12953                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           12953                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              75322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             75322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.459950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.597222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.597222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1827573.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 942619.553728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943718.272824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1603150.930233                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1603150.930233                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1827573.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 943439.639458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944535.979208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1827573.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 943439.639458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944535.979208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5442                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5442                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           34677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          34677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74810278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29568716167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29643526445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     65159208                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65159208                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74810278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29633875375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29708685653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74810278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29633875375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29708685653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.459950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.597222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1739773.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 854809.521754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855908.253306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1515330.418605                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515330.418605                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1739773.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 855629.594474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856725.946679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1739773.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 855629.594474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856725.946679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        18670                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.529014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         229289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        20718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        11.067140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.984519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.816615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1652.940412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         359.787468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.807100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.175677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 34563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18916                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               18916                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  34711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34710                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 34711                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               18653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                18659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18620                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               18659                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79955479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15827771884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15907727363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4642050                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4642050                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79955479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15832413934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    15912369413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79955479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15832413934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   15912369413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        53176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             53216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18916                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           18916                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        53330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              53370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        53330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             53370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.038961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.038961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2050140.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 850315.455249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852824.069211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       773675                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       773675                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2050140.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 850290.759076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 852798.617986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2050140.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 850290.759076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 852798.617986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks              10114                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                   10114                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           18659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          18659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76530438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14193030385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14269560823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4115250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4115250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76530438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14197145635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14273676073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76530438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14197145635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14273676073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.038961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1962318.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 762492.230848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765000.848282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       685875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       685875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1962318.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 762467.542159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764975.404523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1962318.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 762467.542159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764975.404523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        12052                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.452746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         193569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        14100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        13.728298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.933862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.210596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1518.638914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         496.669373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.741523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.242514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        28792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 28794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                9253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        28945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  28947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        28945                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 28947                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               12049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                12049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12008                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               12049                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65269787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9763581565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9828851352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65269787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9763581565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     9828851352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65269787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9763581565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    9828851352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             40843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            9253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              40996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             40996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1591946.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 813089.737258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815740.007635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1591946.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 813089.737258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815740.007635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1591946.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 813089.737258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815740.007635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5269                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5269                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           12048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          12048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61669987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8708274087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8769944074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61669987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8708274087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8769944074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61669987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8708274087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8769944074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1504146.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 725266.435163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727917.004814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1504146.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 725266.435163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727917.004814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1504146.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 725266.435163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727917.004814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        12044                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.462202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         193558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        14092                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        13.735311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.940966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     5.008387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1518.754168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         496.758680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.741579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.242558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 28788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9248                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                9248                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  28939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28937                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 28939                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               12041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                12041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12001                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               12041                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72950500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9783629676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9856580176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72950500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9783629676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     9856580176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72950500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9783629676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    9856580176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        40787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             40829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9248                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            9248                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        40938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              40980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        40938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             40980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1823762.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815234.536789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818584.849763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1823762.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815234.536789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818584.849763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1823762.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815234.536789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818584.849763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5265                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5265                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           12040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          12040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69438500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8728863682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8798302182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69438500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8728863682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8798302182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69438500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8728863682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8798302182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1735962.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727405.306833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730755.995183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1735962.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727405.306833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730755.995183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1735962.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727405.306833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730755.995183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         8675                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.218116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         216251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        10723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        20.167024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.114548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     6.036049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1394.978909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         608.088610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.681142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.296918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        28186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 28188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                8798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        28400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  28402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        28400                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 28402                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                8675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 8675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8635                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                8675                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    102984954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7074661120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7177646074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    102984954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7074661120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     7177646074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    102984954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7074661120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    7177646074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             36863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            8798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        37035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              37077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        37035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             37077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.234513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.233158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.233158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2574623.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 819300.650840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 827394.360115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2574623.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 819300.650840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 827394.360115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2574623.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 819300.650840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 827394.360115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4554                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4554                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            8675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           8675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     99471058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6316245673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6415716731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     99471058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6316245673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6415716731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     99471058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6316245673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6415716731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.234513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.233158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.233158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2486776.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 731470.257441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739563.888300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2486776.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 731470.257441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739563.888300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2486776.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 731470.257441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739563.888300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        18694                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.523089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         229401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        20742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        11.059734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.134454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.630162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1653.407781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         359.350692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.807328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.175464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 34663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               18933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  34812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34811                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 34812                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               18672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                18679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18643                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               18679                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80354992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15741448797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15821803789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7691377                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7691377                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80354992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15749140174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    15829495166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80354992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15749140174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   15829495166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        53298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             53335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           18933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        53454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              53491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        53454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             53491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.044872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.044872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2232083.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 844679.587733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847354.530259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1098768.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1098768.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2232083.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 844774.991900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847448.748113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2232083.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 844774.991900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847448.748113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              10120                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   10120                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           18679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          18679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     77192339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14105062589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14182254928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7076777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7076777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     77192339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14112139366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14189331705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     77192339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14112139366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14189331705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2144231.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756871.785201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759546.643530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1010968.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010968.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2144231.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756967.192297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759640.864340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2144231.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756967.192297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759640.864340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        18677                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.542325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         229365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        20725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        11.067069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.960506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.721920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1651.942461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         360.917439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.806613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.176229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 34616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18939                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               18939                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  34764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34763                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 34764                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               18660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                18664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18627                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               18664                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68389246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15888314851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15956704097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3227336                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3227336                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68389246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15891542187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    15959931433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68389246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15891542187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   15959931433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             53276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18939                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           18939                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              53428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             53428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.349807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.026316                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.026316                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1848358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 853155.498631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855128.836924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       806834                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       806834                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1848358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 853145.551458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855118.486552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1848358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 853145.551458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855118.486552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks              10125                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                   10125                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           18664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          18664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65140646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14252873813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14318014459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2876136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2876136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65140646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14255749949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14320890595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65140646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14255749949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14320890595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.349807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.026316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1760558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 765337.153681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767310.528349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       719034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       719034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1760558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 765327.210447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767300.181901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1760558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 765327.210447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767300.181901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        18661                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.535272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         229206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        20709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        11.067941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.988398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.949106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1654.899274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         357.698494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.808056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.174657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 34553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18842                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               18842                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  34700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34699                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 34700                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               18646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                18651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18612                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               18651                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78189179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16102979076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16181168255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3627003                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3627003                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78189179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16106606079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    16184795258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78189179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16106606079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   16184795258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        53159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             53199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18842                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           18842                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        53311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              53351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        53311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             53351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.032895                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.032895                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2004850.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 865425.865320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 867809.088008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 725400.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 725400.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2004850.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 865388.248388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 867770.910836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2004850.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 865388.248388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 867770.910836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks              10063                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                   10063                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           18651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          18651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74755677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14468146482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14542902159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3185777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3185777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74755677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14471332259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14546087936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74755677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14471332259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14546087936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.032895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1916812.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 777564.705863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779947.557599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 637155.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 637155.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1916812.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 777526.985762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779909.277572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1916812.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 777526.985762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779909.277572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        34653                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.939090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         203044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        36701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.532383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.553059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     1.814714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1819.287327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         223.283990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.888324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.109025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 40582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12932                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               12932                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  40610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40609                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 40610                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               34611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                34655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34615                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               34655                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80960912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32557581169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32638542081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     74338821                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     74338821                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80960912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32631919990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    32712880902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80960912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32631919990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   32712880902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        75152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             75193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12932                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           12932                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        75224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              75265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        75224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             75265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2024022.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 941759.890342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943010.663691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1689518.659091                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1689518.659091                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2024022.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942710.385382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 943958.473582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2024022.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942710.385382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 943958.473582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5444                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5444                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           34655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          34655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77448912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  29522118551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29599567463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     70475621                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70475621                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77448912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  29592594172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29670043084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77448912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  29592594172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29670043084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.611111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1936222.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 853956.164155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855206.941810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1601718.659091                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1601718.659091                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1936222.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 854906.663932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856154.756428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1936222.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 854906.663932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856154.756428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        12026                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.442396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         193485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        14073                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        13.748668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.920026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     5.045192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1518.421783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         497.055395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.741417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.242703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 28734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                9229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  28890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28888                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 28890                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               12023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                12023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11983                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               12023                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60579184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9958434440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10019013624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60579184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9958434440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    10019013624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60579184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9958434440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   10019013624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        40715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             40757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            9229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        40871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              40913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        40871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             40913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1514479.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 831046.853042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 833320.604175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1514479.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 831046.853042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 833320.604175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1514479.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 831046.853042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 833320.604175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           12022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57066347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8905956108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8963022455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57066347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8905956108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8963022455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57066347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8905956108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8963022455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1426658.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 743277.925889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745551.693146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1426658.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 743277.925889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745551.693146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1426658.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 743277.925889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745551.693146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         8671                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.214195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         216216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        10719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        20.171285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.110841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     6.038578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1394.933576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         608.131199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.681120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.296939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 28161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8790                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8790                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  28375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28373                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 28375                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                8671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 8671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8631                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                8671                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100223044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7125842812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7226065856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100223044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7125842812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     7226065856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100223044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7125842812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    7226065856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             36832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8790                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8790                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        37004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              37046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        37004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             37046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2505576.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 825610.336230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 833360.149464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2505576.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 825610.336230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 833360.149464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2505576.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 825610.336230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 833360.149464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4553                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4553                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            8671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           8671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96711044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6367787647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6464498691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96711044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6367787647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6464498691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96711044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6367787647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6464498691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2417776.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 737780.980999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745530.929651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2417776.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 737780.980999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745530.929651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2417776.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 737780.980999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745530.929651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        34607                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.937763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         203004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        36655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.538235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.537209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     1.740486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1819.610193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         223.049874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.888482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.108911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 40588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12886                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               12886                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  40616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40615                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 40616                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               34563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                34607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34568                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               34607                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75621967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32700902315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32776524282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     67298074                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67298074                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75621967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32768200389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    32843822356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75621967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32768200389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   32843822356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             75151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12886                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           12886                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              75223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             75223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1939024.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 947193.323920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948312.481035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1529501.681818                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1529501.681818                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1939024.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 947934.517155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949051.416072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1939024.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 947934.517155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949051.416072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5434                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5434                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           34607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          34607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72196896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29669162469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29741359365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     63434646                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63434646                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72196896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29732597115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29804794011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72196896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29732597115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29804794011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.611111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1851202.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 859377.895638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860497.044961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1441696.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1441696.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1851202.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 860119.101915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861235.993036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1851202.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 860119.101915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861235.993036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         8679                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.216709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         216301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        10727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        20.164165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.112231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     6.035427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1395.059884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         608.009168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.681182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.296879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 28216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8820                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                8820                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  28430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28428                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 28430                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                8679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 8679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8639                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                8679                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    100198811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7072605475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7172804286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    100198811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7072605475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     7172804286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    100198811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7072605475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    7172804286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        36853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             36895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8820                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            8820                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        37067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              37109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        37067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             37109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.234418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2504970.275000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 818683.351661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826455.154511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2504970.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 818683.351661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 826455.154511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2504970.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 818683.351661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 826455.154511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            8679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           8679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96685758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6313891645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6410577403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96685758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6313891645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6410577403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96685758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6313891645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6410577403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.234418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2417143.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 730859.086121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738630.879479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2417143.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 730859.086121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738630.879479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2417143.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 730859.086121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738630.879479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        29248                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.603531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         164147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        31296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.244983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.093873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.592782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1653.420235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         378.496641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.807334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.184813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 36960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7657                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                7657                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        37053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  37054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        37053                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 37054                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               29208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                29238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29199                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               29238                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82204991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26991644446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27073849437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     29245504                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29245504                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82204991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  27020889950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    27103094941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82204991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  27020889950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   27103094941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             66168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7657                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            7657                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              66292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             66292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2107820.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 925353.781275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926932.670399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 974850.133333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 974850.133333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2107820.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 925404.635433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 926981.836685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2107820.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 925404.635433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 926981.836685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4370                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4370                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           29238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          29238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78779916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24430352637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24509132553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     26611504                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26611504                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78779916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24456964141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24535744057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78779916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24456964141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24535744057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2019997.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 837545.086804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839123.957580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 887050.133333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887050.133333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2019997.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 837595.949896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839173.132807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2019997.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 837595.949896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839173.132807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              515.844996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012189539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1957813.421663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.844996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.065457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12181443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12181443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12181443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12181497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12181497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12181497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166566798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.567198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.161744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.838256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8380776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8380776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15436814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15436814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44576265794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44576265794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77659671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77659671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44653925465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44653925465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44653925465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44653925465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8511618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15568580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15568580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340687.743951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340687.743951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84047.262987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84047.262987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 338888.070253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338888.070253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 338888.070253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338888.070253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11942173055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11942173055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10053589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10053589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11952226644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11952226644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11952226644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11952226644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 293275.369720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293275.369720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64446.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64446.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 292402.060965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292402.060965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 292402.060965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292402.060965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              493.121346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1015639042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2051796.044444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.121346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12539602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12539602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12539602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12539602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12539602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12539602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    130863521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    130863521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    130863521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    130863521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    130863521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    130863521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12539658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12539658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12539658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12539658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12539658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12539658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2336848.589286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2336848.589286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2336848.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2336848.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2336848.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2336848.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       577028                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       577028                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89224920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89224920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89224920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89224920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89224920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89224920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2230623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2230623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2230623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2230623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2230623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2230623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                37022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              164698789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                37278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4418.122995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.471045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.528955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.911996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.088004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9996236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9996236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7428473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7428473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18066                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18066                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17424709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17424709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17424709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17424709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        95189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        97337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        97337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        97337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        97337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21454859201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21454859201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    138049267                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    138049267                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21592908468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21592908468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21592908468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21592908468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     10091425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10091425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7430621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7430621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18066                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18066                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17522046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17522046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17522046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17522046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 225392.211295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225392.211295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64268.746276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64268.746276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 221836.593156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221836.593156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 221836.593156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221836.593156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           22                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           11                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        58378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        60315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        60315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        37022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        37022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8976499668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8976499668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     15369309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15369309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8991868977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8991868977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8991868977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8991868977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 243853.730352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243853.730352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 72840.327014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72840.327014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 242879.071282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242879.071282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 242879.071282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242879.071282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              581.973383                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1041961949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1775062.945486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    41.787135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.186249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.066967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.865683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11005184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11005184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11005184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11005184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11005184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11005184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103956634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103956634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103956634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103956634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103956634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103956634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11005245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11005245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11005245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11005245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11005245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11005245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1704207.114754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1704207.114754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167350                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       583675                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79026321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79026321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79026321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79026321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79026321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79026321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796052.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1796052.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                75276                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              446730038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                75532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5914.447360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.896350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.103650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     28801758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28801758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15774392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15774392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     44576150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       44576150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     44576150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      44576150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       275998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          283                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          283                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       276281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       276281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       276281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       276281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135221471985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135221471985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    265297590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    265297590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135486769575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135486769575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135486769575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135486769575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     29077756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29077756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15774675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15774675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     44852431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44852431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     44852431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44852431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 489936.419775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489936.419775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 937447.314488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937447.314488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 490394.813885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490394.813885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 490394.813885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490394.813885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       638729                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       638729                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           12953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       200792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       201003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       201003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       201003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       201003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        75206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        75278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        75278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35667170350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35667170350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     71215227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71215227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35738385577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35738385577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35738385577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35738385577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 474259.638194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474259.638194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 989100.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 989100.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 474752.060057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474752.060057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 474752.060057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474752.060057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              520.261593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1012872970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1940369.674330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.261593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11548819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11548819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11548819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11548819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11548819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11548819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    135924315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    135924315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    135924315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    135924315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    135924315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    135924315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11548879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11548879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11548879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11548879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11548879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11548879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2265405.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2265405.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2265405.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2265405.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2265405.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2265405.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80354880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80354880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80354880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80354880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80354880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80354880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2008872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2008872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2008872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2008872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2008872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2008872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                53329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              172048569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                53585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3210.759895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.929308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.070692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.913786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.086214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8143722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8143722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6884119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6884119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16845                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16845                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15843                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15843                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15027841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15027841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15027841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15027841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       182080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5448                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5448                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       187528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       187528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       187528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       187528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  77100642353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77100642353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3468811737                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3468811737                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  80569454090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80569454090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  80569454090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80569454090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8325802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8325802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6889567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6889567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16845                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16845                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        15843                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15843                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15215369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15215369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15215369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15215369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 423443.773907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423443.773907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 636712.873899                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 636712.873899                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 429639.595634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429639.595634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 429639.595634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429639.595634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     53803949                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets            95                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 566357.357895                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           18916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       128904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       134198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       134198                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134198                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        53176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        53330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        53330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18254872981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18254872981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14298366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14298366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18269171347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18269171347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18269171347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18269171347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343291.578550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343291.578550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92846.532468                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92846.532468                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342568.373280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342568.373280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342568.373280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342568.373280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              516.648575                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1012211244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1954075.760618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    41.648575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.066745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12203148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12203148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12203148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12203148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12203148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12203148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81714193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81714193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81714193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81714193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81714193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81714193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12203202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12203202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12203202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12203202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12203202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12203202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1513225.796296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1513225.796296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1513225.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1513225.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1513225.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1513225.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65753762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65753762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65753762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65753762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65753762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65753762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1529157.255814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529157.255814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1529157.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529157.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1529157.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529157.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                40953                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166598777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4042.776505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.168165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.831835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.910813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.089187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8398874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8398874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7069877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7069877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17023                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17023                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15468751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15468751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15468751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15468751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       131082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       131082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       131982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       131982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       131982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       131982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  43940656828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43940656828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     75518919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75518919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  44016175747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44016175747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  44016175747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44016175747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8529956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8529956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7070777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7070777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17023                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17023                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15600733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15600733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15600733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15600733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 335215.032026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335215.032026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 83909.910000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83909.910000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 333501.354329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333501.354329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 333501.354329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333501.354329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        90282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        91029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        91029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        91029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        91029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11740443923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11740443923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9846960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9846960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11750290883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11750290883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11750290883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11750290883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287755.978505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287755.978505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64359.215686                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64359.215686                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 286921.370425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286921.370425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 286921.370425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286921.370425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              515.902456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1012210596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1957854.150870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    40.902456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.065549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12202500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12202500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12202500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12202500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12202500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12202500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91741060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91741060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91741060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91741060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91741060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91741060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12202554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12202554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12202554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12202554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12202554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12202554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1698908.518519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1698908.518519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1698908.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1698908.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1698908.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1698908.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73470328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73470328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73470328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73470328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73470328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73470328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1749293.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1749293.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1749293.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1749293.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1749293.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1749293.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                40938                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              166590993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                41194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4044.059645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.163140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.836860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.910794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.089206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8393861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8393861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7067165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7067165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18559                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18559                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15461026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15461026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15461026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15461026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       130945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          884                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          884                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       131829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       131829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       131829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       131829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  44181009391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44181009391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     74132485                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74132485                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  44255141876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44255141876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  44255141876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44255141876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8524806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8524806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7068049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7068049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18559                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18559                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15592855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15592855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15592855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15592855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 337401.270694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337401.270694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 83860.277149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83860.277149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 335701.111865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335701.111865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 335701.111865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335701.111865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            9248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        90158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        90891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        90891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11759983210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11759983210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9729096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9729096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11769712306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11769712306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11769712306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11769712306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 288326.751416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288326.751416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64431.099338                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64431.099338                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 287500.911280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287500.911280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 287500.911280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287500.911280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              495.048801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1015638605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2043538.440644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    40.048801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.064181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12539165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12539165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12539165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12539165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12539165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12539165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    156392148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156392148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    156392148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    156392148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    156392148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    156392148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12539225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12539225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12539225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12539225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12539225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12539225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2606535.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2606535.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2606535.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2606535.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2606535.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2606535.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1257060                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       314265                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    103447910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103447910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    103447910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103447910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    103447910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103447910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2463045.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2463045.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2463045.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2463045.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2463045.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2463045.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                37035                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              164696892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                37291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4416.531925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.467795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.532205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.911984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.088016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9995573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9995573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7427252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7427252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17422825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17422825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17422825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17422825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        95220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        97383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        97383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        97383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        97383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21475672361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21475672361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    139487396                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139487396                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21615159757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21615159757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21615159757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21615159757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     10090793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10090793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7429415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7429415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18064                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18064                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17520208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17520208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17520208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17520208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 225537.411899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225537.411899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64487.931577                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64487.931577                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221960.298584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221960.298584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221960.298584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221960.298584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           38                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    12.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        58399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        60348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        60348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8979166101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8979166101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     15590655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15590655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8994756756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8994756756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8994756756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8994756756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 243859.919638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243859.919638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 72853.528037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72853.528037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242871.790360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242871.790360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242871.790360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242871.790360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.801542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1012884526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1951607.949904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.801542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.057374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11560375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11560375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11560375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11560375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11560375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11560375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    123246359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123246359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    123246359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    123246359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    123246359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    123246359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11560425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11560425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11560425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11560425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11560425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11560425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2464927.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2464927.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2464927.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2464927.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2464927.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2464927.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80748384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80748384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80748384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80748384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80748384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80748384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2182388.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2182388.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2182388.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2182388.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2182388.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2182388.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                53454                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              172067589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                53710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3203.641575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.923375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.076625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8153504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8153504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6893368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6893368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15046872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15046872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15046872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15046872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       182026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5431                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5431                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       187457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       187457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       187457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       187457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  76411110055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  76411110055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3497676288                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3497676288                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  79908786343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79908786343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  79908786343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79908786343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8335530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8335530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6898799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6898799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15234329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15234329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15234329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15234329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 419781.295282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419781.295282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 644020.675382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 644020.675382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 426277.953573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426277.953573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 426277.953573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426277.953573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     51999428                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets            96                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 541660.708333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           18933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       128728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       134003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       134003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        53298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        53454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        53454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18175631157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18175631157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     17425817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17425817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18193056974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18193056974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18193056974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18193056974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 341019.009287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341019.009287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111703.955128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111703.955128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 340349.776892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340349.776892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 340349.776892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340349.776892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.084488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1012870789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1947828.440385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    36.084488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.057828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11546638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11546638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11546638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11546638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11546638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11546638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98408143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98408143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98408143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98408143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98408143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98408143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11546689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11546689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11546689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11546689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11546689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11546689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1929571.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1929571.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1929571.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1929571.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1929571.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1929571.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68785686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68785686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68785686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68785686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68785686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68785686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1810149.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1810149.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1810149.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1810149.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1810149.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1810149.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                53390                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              172053455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                53646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3207.200071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.975653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.024347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.913967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.086033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8145364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8145364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6887406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6887406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15032770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15032770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15032770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15032770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       182220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5436                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5436                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       187656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       187656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       187656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       187656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  77281849798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77281849798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3369362930                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3369362930                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  80651212728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80651212728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  80651212728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80651212728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8327584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8327584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6892842                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6892842                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15220426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15220426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15220426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15220426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000789                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000789                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 424112.884414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424112.884414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 619823.938558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 619823.938558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 429782.222407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429782.222407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 429782.222407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429782.222407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     47025262                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets            92                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 511144.152174                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           18939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       128982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       134266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       134266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  18319406870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18319406870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     12909681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12909681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  18332316551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18332316551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  18332316551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18332316551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 344103.964649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344103.964649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84932.111842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84932.111842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 343366.108841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343366.108841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 343366.108841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343366.108841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              519.501996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012848835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1940323.438697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.383148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   481.118848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.061511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.771024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11524684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11524684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11524684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11524684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11524684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11524684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    125486845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125486845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    125486845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125486845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    125486845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125486845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11524743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11524743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11524743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11524743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11524743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11524743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2126895.677966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2126895.677966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2126895.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2126895.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2126895.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2126895.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78589132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78589132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78589132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78589132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78589132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78589132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1964728.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1964728.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1964728.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1964728.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1964728.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1964728.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                53310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              172017645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                53566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3211.321454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.925726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.074274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.913772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.086228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8126109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8126109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6870659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6870659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17025                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17025                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14996768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       14996768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14996768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      14996768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       182133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       187526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       187526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       187526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       187526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  77642625026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77642625026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3479037610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3479037610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  81121662636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81121662636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  81121662636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81121662636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8308242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8308242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6876052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6876052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17025                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17025                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15812                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15812                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15184294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15184294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15184294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15184294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 426296.305590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426296.305590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 645102.468014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 645102.468014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 432588.881734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432588.881734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 432588.881734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432588.881734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     51041816                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 542998.042553                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           18842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       128974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       134215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       134215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        53159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        53311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        53311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  18529806734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18529806734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13206333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13206333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  18543013067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18543013067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  18543013067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18543013067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 348573.275156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348573.275156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86883.769737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86883.769737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 347827.147624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347827.147624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 347827.147624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347827.147624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              579.365640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1041959803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1784177.744863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    39.262788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   540.102852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.062921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.865549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11003038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11003038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11003038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11003038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11003038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11003038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105298631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105298631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105298631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105298631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105298631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105298631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11003093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11003093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11003093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11003093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11003093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11003093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914520.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1914520.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914520.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1914520.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914520.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1914520.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167293                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 583646.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81380655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81380655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81380655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81380655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81380655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81380655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1984894.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1984894.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1984894.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1984894.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1984894.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1984894.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                75222                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              446709811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                75478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5918.410808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.896636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.103364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     28788934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28788934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15766993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15766993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     44555927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       44555927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     44555927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      44555927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       275938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       276232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       276232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       276232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       276232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 135156557101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135156557101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    278779636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    278779636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 135435336737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135435336737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 135435336737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135435336737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     29064872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29064872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15767287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15767287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     44832159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44832159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     44832159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44832159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 489807.699922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489807.699922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 948230.054422                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948230.054422                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 490295.609260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490295.609260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 490295.609260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490295.609260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1283593                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1283593                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12932                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           12932                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       200786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       201008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       201008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       201008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       201008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        75152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        75224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        75224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35616021230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35616021230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     76566523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76566523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35692587753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35692587753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35692587753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35692587753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 473919.805594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473919.805594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1063423.930556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1063423.930556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 474484.044361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474484.044361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 474484.044361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474484.044361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              515.844363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1012191677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1957817.557060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    40.844363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.065456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12183581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12183581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12183581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12183581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12183581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12183581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75734898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75734898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75734898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75734898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75734898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75734898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12183635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12183635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12183635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12183635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12183635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12183635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1402498.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1402498.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1402498.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1402498.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1402498.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1402498.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61109005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61109005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61109005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61109005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61109005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61109005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1454976.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1454976.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1454976.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1454976.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1454976.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1454976.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                40871                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              166563767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                41127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4049.985824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.162455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.837545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.910791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.089209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8378847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8378847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7054947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7054947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16987                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16987                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15433794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       15433794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15433794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      15433794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       130638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       131562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       131562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       131562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       131562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  44834541097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44834541097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     77679632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77679632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  44912220729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44912220729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  44912220729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44912220729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8509485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8509485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7055871                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7055871                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18593                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18593                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16987                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16987                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15565356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15565356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15565356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15565356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 343196.781159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 343196.781159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84068.865801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84068.865801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 341376.846878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 341376.846878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 341376.846878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 341376.846878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            9229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        89923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        89923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        90691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        90691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11931102035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11931102035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10052168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10052168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11941154203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11941154203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11941154203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11941154203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 293039.470343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293039.470343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64436.974359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64436.974359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 292166.920384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292166.920384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 292166.920384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292166.920384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              495.048415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1015629590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2043520.301811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    40.048415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.064180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12530150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12530150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12530150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12530150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12530150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12530150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    150436447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150436447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    150436447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150436447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    150436447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150436447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12530211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12530211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12530211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12530211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12530211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12530211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2466171.262295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2466171.262295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2466171.262295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2466171.262295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2466171.262295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2466171.262295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1254810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 313702.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100685277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100685277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100685277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100685277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100685277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100685277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2397268.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2397268.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2397268.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2397268.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2397268.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2397268.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                37004                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              164688699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                37260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4419.986554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.467501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.532499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9991125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9991125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7423498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7423498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19941                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19941                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18054                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18054                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17414623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17414623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17414623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17414623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        97264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        97264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        97264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        97264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21612369546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21612369546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    139489027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139489027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21751858573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21751858573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21751858573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21751858573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     10086226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10086226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7425661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7425661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19941                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19941                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18054                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18054                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17511887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17511887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17511887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17511887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 227257.016709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227257.016709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64488.685622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64488.685622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 223637.302322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223637.302322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 223637.302322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223637.302322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           22                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           22                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8790                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8790                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        60260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        60260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        37004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        37004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9028540617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9028540617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15591165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15591165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9044131782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9044131782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9044131782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9044131782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 245407.464447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245407.464447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 72855.911215                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72855.911215                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 244409.571452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244409.571452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 244409.571452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244409.571452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              579.325260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1041949921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1787221.133791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    38.312154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.013106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.061398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10993156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10993156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10993156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10993156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10993156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10993156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100171957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100171957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100171957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100171957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100171957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100171957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10993211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10993211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10993211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10993211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10993211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10993211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1821308.309091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1821308.309091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1821308.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1821308.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1821308.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1821308.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1212634                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 404211.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76035610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76035610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76035610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76035610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76035610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76035610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1900890.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1900890.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1900890.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1900890.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1900890.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1900890.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                75183                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              446691156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                75439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5921.223187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.896426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.103574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     28778716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28778716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15758569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15758569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7690                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7690                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     44537285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       44537285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     44537285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      44537285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       275388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       275677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       275677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       275677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       275677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 135488019120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135488019120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    269427988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    269427988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 135757447108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135757447108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 135757447108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135757447108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     29054104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29054104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15758858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15758858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7690                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7690                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     44812962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44812962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     44812962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44812962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 491989.553357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491989.553357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 932276.775087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932276.775087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 492451.118911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492451.118911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 492451.118911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492451.118911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1230694                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1230694                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           12886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       200277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       200494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       200494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        75111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        75183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        75183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35759273886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35759273886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     69530824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69530824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35828804710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35828804710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35828804710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35828804710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 476085.711627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476085.711627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 965705.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 965705.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 476554.602902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476554.602902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 476554.602902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476554.602902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              495.049465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1015637983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2043537.189135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    40.049465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.064182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12538543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12538543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12538543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12538543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12538543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12538543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    151085680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151085680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    151085680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151085680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    151085680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151085680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12538604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12538604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12538604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12538604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12538604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12538604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2476814.426230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2476814.426230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2476814.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2476814.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2476814.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2476814.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       622980                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       207660                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    100676893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100676893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    100676893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100676893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    100676893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100676893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2397068.880952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2397068.880952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2397068.880952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2397068.880952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2397068.880952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2397068.880952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                37067                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              164701212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                37323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4412.861024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.466612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.533388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.911979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.088021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9998373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9998373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7428813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7428813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19877                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19877                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17427186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       17427186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17427186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      17427186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        95317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        97480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        97480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        97480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        97480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21434382164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21434382164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    139551310                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139551310                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21573933474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21573933474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21573933474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21573933474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     10093690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10093690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7430976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7430976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        19877                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19877                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17524666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17524666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17524666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17524666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 224874.704030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224874.704030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64517.480351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64517.480351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 221316.510812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221316.510812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 221316.510812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221316.510812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            5                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        58464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        60413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        60413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8978989018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8978989018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     15589674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15589674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8994578692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8994578692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8994578692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8994578692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 243643.367379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243643.367379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 72848.943925                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72848.943925                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 242657.314916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242657.314916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 242657.314916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242657.314916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              528.991012                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1017034820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1918933.622642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.991012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11259495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11259495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11259495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11259495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11259495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11259495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    126406346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126406346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    126406346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126406346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    126406346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126406346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11259555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11259555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11259555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11259555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11259555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11259555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2106772.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2106772.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2106772.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2106772.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2106772.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2106772.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82597562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82597562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82597562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82597562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82597562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82597562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2064939.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2064939.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2064939.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2064939.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2064939.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2064939.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                66252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              180160413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                66508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2708.853266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.088622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.911378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7801947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7801947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6462528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6462528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18627                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18627                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15079                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15079                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14264475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14264475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14264475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14264475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       172740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       173622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       173622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       173622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       173622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75093248278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75093248278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    359004243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    359004243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75452252521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75452252521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75452252521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75452252521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7974687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7974687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6463410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6463410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15079                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15079                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14438097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14438097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14438097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14438097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434718.352889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434718.352889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 407034.289116                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 407034.289116                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434577.717806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434577.717806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434577.717806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434577.717806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156156                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7657                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7657                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       106611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107369                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107369                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        66129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        66253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        66253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29660627327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29660627327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     35559927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35559927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29696187254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29696187254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29696187254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29696187254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448526.778373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448526.778373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286773.604839                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286773.604839                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448224.038972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448224.038972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448224.038972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448224.038972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
