
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.101544                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                101543966070                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               627730950834                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 227380                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   285950                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1315081                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67610324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 77214.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17557125857                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22079660350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1401856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3712512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4116224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4117248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2605184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      4173696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3834752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2598400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1927552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      3817472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2599424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1488000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4259072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3817472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3787264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4201856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             52536704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10430848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10430848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        10952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        29004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        32158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        32166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        20353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        32607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        29959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        20300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        15059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        29824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        20308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        11625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        33274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        29824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        29588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        32827                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                410443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           81491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                81491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        50422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13805409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     36560636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     40536372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     40546456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     25655724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     41102354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     37764450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     25588916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        52943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     18982438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     37594277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     25599000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        50422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     14653751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     41943132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     37594277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     37296790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        52943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     41379672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               517378886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        50422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42858                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        52943                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42858                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        50422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        52943                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             775231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         102722480                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              102722480                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         102722480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        50422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13805409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        47900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     36560636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        49161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     40536372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        49161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     40546456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        45379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     25655724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        47900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     41102354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     37764450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        42858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     25588916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        52943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     18982438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        47900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     37594277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        42858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     25599000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        50422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     14653751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        51682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     41943132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        47900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     37594277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        47900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     37296790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        52943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     41379672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              620101365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              243510711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22057032                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18365425                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000997                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8492722                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8084591                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2373047                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93081                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191878252                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120981995                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22057032                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10457638                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25223876                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5569017                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6605530                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11912536                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912464                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    227257512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      202033636     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1546192      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1953487      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3095453      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1308459      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1684223      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1950997      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         893308      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12791757      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    227257512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090579                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.496824                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190746289                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      7846568                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25103496                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11852                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3549305                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3356639                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          549                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147884593                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2288                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3549305                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190940222                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        622135                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      6683365                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24921539                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       540942                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146969929                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        77974                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205251648                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683487262                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683487262                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33365114                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35648                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18600                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1900391                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13759196                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7199243                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81048                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1633316                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143480522                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35777                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137707469                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127419                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17306956                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35171753                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1386                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227257512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168902714     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26613718     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10885544      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6098764      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8266202      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2539920      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2498358      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346521      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105771      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227257512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939092     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       128633     10.80%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122791     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116012321     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883303      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12617426      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7177372      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137707469                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565509                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008645                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503990384                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160823905                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134124262                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138897985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2587262                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          653                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99907                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3549305                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        474190                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59437                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143516306                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       112934                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13759196                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7199243                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18601                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51874                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          653                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185064                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1123736                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2308800                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135307072                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12413780                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2400396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19590370                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19137840                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7176590                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555651                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134124769                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134124262                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80375911                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215892495                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.550794                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20293576                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2018137                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223708207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171556751     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26428677     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9594681      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4783438      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4372950      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1836338      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817833      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865848      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451691      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223708207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451691                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          364772695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290583102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2906983                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16253199                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.435107                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.435107                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410660                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410660                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608838231                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187414088                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136778177                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              243510705                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19714219                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16121950                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1923373                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8360910                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7801536                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030644                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85757                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191447302                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            111813580                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19714219                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9832180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23449499                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5564827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3381481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11768502                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1938543                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    221877559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      198428060     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1273544      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2013324      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3189689      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1333034      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1497639      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1575288      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1030518      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11536463      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    221877559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.080958                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459173                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      189695049                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5147505                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23376441                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        59768                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3598794                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3232711                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          457                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    136564718                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2969                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3598794                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      189976148                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1668499                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2655207                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23160869                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       818040                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    136484952                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        28035                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       236473                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       303539                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42385                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    189479470                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    634929280                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    634929280                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    161990619                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       27488851                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        34753                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19089                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2456239                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13017864                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6991826                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212255                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1587128                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        136294552                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34857                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       129091536                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158200                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17156820                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37998354                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3265                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221877559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167429615     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21858349      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11959206      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8140547      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7611717      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2200600      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1697880      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581174      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398471      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221877559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30092     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93580     38.77%     51.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117697     48.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108140617     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038107      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15663      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11938368      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6958781      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    129091536                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530127                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            241369                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480460200                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153487637                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127025871                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    129332905                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       391743                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2326290                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          365                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1437                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195094                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8056                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3598794                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1105416                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116960                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136329534                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52431                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13017864                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6991826                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19080                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86660                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1437                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1127009                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1093232                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2220241                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127264279                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11229624                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1827257                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 125                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18186765                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17909403                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6957141                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522623                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            127026837                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           127025871                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        74272764                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       194027561                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521644                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95152748                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    116633017                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19696728                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31592                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1964155                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218278765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170928250     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22928471     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8930305      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4809430      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3606369      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2010926      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1237729      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1109114      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2718171      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218278765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     95152748                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    116633017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             17488306                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10691574                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16742119                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       105095140                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2369394                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2718171                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          351889702                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         276258485                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3088171                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              21633146                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          95152748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           116633017                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     95152748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.559156                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.559156                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390754                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390754                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      573937176                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     176082270                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     127370792                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        31562                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              243510711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18925791                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17078215                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       991397                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7175858                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6769625                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047807                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44032                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200662996                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            119060271                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18925791                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      7817432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23545345                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       3111793                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      4901902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11517173                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       995946                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    231205878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      207660533     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         840655      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1716364      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         725315      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        3916975      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3481728      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         678350      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1411275      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10774683      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    231205878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077721                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.488932                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      199526048                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      6051199                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23458719                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        74777                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2095130                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1660253                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          505                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    139606378                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2752                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2095130                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      199729627                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       4383878                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1031521                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23344585                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       621132                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    139531710                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       266352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       224637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3459                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    163807882                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    657229096                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    657229096                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    145392567                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       18415309                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        16642                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8620                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1567646                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     32929239                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     16659821                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152224                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       806833                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        139262894                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16693                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       133936715                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69519                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10679559                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25569881                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          527                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231205878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183632785     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14236907      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11690179      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5051416      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6410184      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6207954      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3524638      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277652      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174163      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231205878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339420     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2642420     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76610      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84011259     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1170434      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8020      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32124025     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16622977     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    133936715                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.550024                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3058450                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502207277                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149962576                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132797336                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    136995165                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241609                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1258132                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          541                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3438                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100158                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11866                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2095130                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       4029252                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       178434                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139279681                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32929239                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16659821                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8622                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       121502                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           77                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3438                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       578861                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583288                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1162149                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133003328                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32014913                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       933387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           48636542                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17424855                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         16621629                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.546191                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            132801505                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           132797336                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        71712759                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       141275876                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.545345                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507608                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107918090                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    126821455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12471698                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16166                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1013164                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229110748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183139941     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16762883      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7869216      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7782859      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2115734      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9055891      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676061      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492498      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1215665      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229110748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    107918090                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    126821455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             48230762                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            31671104                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8070                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16747516                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       112774615                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1228368                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1215665                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          367187911                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         280681683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4400961                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              12304833                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         107918090                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           126821455                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    107918090                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.256440                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.256440                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.443176                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.443176                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      657560835                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     154203443                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     166269471                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16142                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              243510711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       18903842                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17058748                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       996365                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7784341                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6775582                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047132                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44214                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200656036                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            118900143                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          18903842                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      7822714                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23522645                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       3113811                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4888324                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11520129                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1000906                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    231159477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      207636832     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         841222      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1713258      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         727185      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        3914748      1.69%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3483525      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         682630      0.30%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1408122      0.61%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10751955      4.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    231159477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077630                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.488275                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      199520010                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6036708                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23436380                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        74409                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      2091965                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1657539                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    139428031                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2777                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      2091965                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      199722949                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       4366104                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1034712                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23322250                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       621492                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    139352649                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       265484                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       223908                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6196                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    163606254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    656386129                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    656386129                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    145231458                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       18374796                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        16717                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8705                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1566399                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     32901795                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     16642793                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151326                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       805468                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        139084283                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16768                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       133808735                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69482                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10627008                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25298698                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          618                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231159477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183599510     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14258081      6.17%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11689602      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5046394      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6394931      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6198559      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3520592      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       278267      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173541      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231159477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339254     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2639372     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76523      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83935903     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1166686      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8012      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32093143     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16604991     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    133808735                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.549498                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3055149                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501901578                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149731479                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132667606                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    136863884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240984                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1266333                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          557                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3428                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101720                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11851                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      2091965                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       4009778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       176940                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139101138                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1401                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32901795                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16642793                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8705                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120325                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          125                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3428                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       586384                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       580946                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1167330                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132872834                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31983585                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       935901                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           48586992                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17407070                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         16603407                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.545655                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            132671684                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           132667606                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        71646732                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       141140509                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.544812                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507627                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107797957                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    126680346                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12434013                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16150                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1018355                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229067512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183138907     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16750463      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7867030      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7769916      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2115752      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9045546      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       675778      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492291      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1211829      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229067512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    107797957                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    126680346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             48176535                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            31635462                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8062                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16728882                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       112649175                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1227021                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1211829                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          366969717                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         280320912                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4404362                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              12351234                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         107797957                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           126680346                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    107797957                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.258955                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.258955                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.442683                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.442683                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      656937031                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     154060785                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     166061846                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        16126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              243510711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19756474                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16200678                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1938023                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8268045                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7723598                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2031298                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87497                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188704363                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            112246908                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19756474                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9754896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24698249                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5487768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      6392996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11623704                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1922788                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    223315322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      198617073     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2679636      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3099020      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1704977      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1953825      0.87%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1085372      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         735837      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1912350      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11527232      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    223315322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081132                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460953                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      187172884                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      7953247                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24491326                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       196289                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3501574                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3207111                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        18141                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    137033605                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        89736                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3501574                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      187472483                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2815700                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4298712                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24400276                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       826575                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    136950683                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       210932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       385448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           60                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    190357600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    637626418                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    637626418                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    162721951                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27635632                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        36196                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20327                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2205518                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13081234                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7123459                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186938                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1579104                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        136756745                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36268                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       129334924                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       181689                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16953461                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39039213                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4302                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223315322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168812493     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21926111      9.82%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11787036      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8146893      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7120839      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3642102      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       885591      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       567406      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       426851      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223315322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34479     12.32%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119787     42.79%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125706     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108260410     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2020307      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15847      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11964740      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7073620      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    129334924                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531126                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            279972                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482446830                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153747697                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127179778                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    129614896                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       326417                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2298929                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          826                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1225                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       147121                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7922                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3501574                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2344219                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       140830                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136793132                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13081234                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7123459                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20302                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99812                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1225                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1125913                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1085024                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2210937                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127419582                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11233936                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1915341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18305998                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17836009                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7072062                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523261                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            127181827                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           127179778                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        75594403                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       197949559                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522276                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381887                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95555068                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    117234543                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19559717                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31966                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1949139                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219813748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171925191     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22206873     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9304700      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5594578      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3869162      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2503986      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1295692      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1044722      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2068844      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219813748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     95555068                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    117234543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             17758643                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10782305                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             15948                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16778218                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       105691719                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2385150                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2068844                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          354538514                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         277090170                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2891094                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              20195389                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          95555068                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           117234543                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     95555068                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.548381                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.548381                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392406                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392406                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      574797219                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     176528460                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     127894398                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        31936                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              243510711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       18921731                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17074402                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       990568                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7170011                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6766441                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046571                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43866                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200625030                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            119033936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          18921731                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      7813012                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23538960                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       3109611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      4909927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11514285                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       995669                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    231168227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      207629267     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         840324      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1712507      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         727490      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        3916932      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3479761      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         678274      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1411791      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10771881      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    231168227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077704                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.488824                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      199483011                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      6064025                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23452688                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        74692                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      2093806                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1660525                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          504                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    139576823                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2754                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      2093806                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      199687242                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       4396563                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1029204                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23337896                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       623511                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    139504607                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       266601                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       225741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3383                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    163766727                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    657093864                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    657093864                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    145374302                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       18392425                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        16194                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1571010                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     32923845                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores     16657110                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152588                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       811160                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        139233569                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16245                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       133911429                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70024                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10668115                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25547691                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           80                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231168227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183603452     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14233479      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11688464      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5052353      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6409532      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6205051      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3524543      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277502      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173851      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231168227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339281     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2642083     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76583      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83994092     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1169852      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8019      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32118736     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16620730     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    133911429                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.549920                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3057947                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502119056                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149921344                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132772616                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    136969376                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241202                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1256953                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          543                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3421                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99641                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11859                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      2093806                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       4041693                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       178096                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139249901                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1423                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32923845                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16657110                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       121148                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          108                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3421                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       578578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       582854                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1161432                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132978468                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32009568                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       932961                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           48628968                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17421761                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores         16619400                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.546089                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            132776863                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           132772616                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        71696348                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       141244079                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.545243                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507606                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107904270                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    126805210                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12458332                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1012314                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229074421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183110613     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16759321      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7868822      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7780789      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2115939      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9054820      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676112      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492690      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1215315      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229074421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    107904270                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    126805210                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             48224361                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            31666892                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8070                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16745343                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       112760206                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1228215                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1215315                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          367122323                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         280621122                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4398423                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              12342484                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         107904270                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           126805210                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    107904270                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.256729                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.256729                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.443119                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.443119                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      657438235                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     154172072                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     166235945                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              243510711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19695997                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16106815                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1923156                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8347128                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7795264                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2029306                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85768                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191279058                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            111701663                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19695997                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9824570                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23425308                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5561254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3387180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11759121                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1938166                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    221687605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      198262297     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1271108      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2011633      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3188255      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1330759      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1493827      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1572860      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1031492      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11525374      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    221687605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.080883                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.458714                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      189527518                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5152779                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23352328                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        59404                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3595574                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3229991                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          460                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    136427376                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2990                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3595574                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      189809132                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1668184                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2661937                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23135632                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       817144                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    136349285                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        26731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       235312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       303955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41201                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    189288950                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    634294955                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    634294955                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    161832437                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       27456500                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        34708                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19055                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2456752                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13005539                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6984026                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211716                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1586518                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        136161741                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34806                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       128972251                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158874                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17129141                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37937761                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3245                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221687605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167294431     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21833560      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11944228      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8137283      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7604488      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2197276      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1698498      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       579662      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398179      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221687605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30132     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93076     38.68%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117439     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108043623     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2035615      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15647      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11926324      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6951042      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    128972251                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.529637                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240647                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480031627                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153327093                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126906276                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    129212898                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       389818                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2324416                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          350                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1432                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       193927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8030                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3595574                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1103982                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116434                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136196688                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49962                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13005539                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6984026                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19040                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86147                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1432                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1126008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1093088                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2219096                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127144755                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11217157                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1827495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18166661                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17891341                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6949504                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522132                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            126907214                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           126906276                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        74201843                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       193848374                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521153                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382783                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95059750                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    116519049                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19677835                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31561                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1963805                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218092031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170788971     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22907008     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8918669      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4805485      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3602028      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2009394      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1236023      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1108596      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2715857      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218092031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     95059750                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    116519049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17471222                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10681123                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             15746                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16725735                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       104992447                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2367072                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2715857                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          351572421                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         275989536                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3084724                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              21823106                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          95059750                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           116519049                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     95059750                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.561659                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.561659                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390372                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390372                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      573393558                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     175919185                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     127241016                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        31532                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              243510711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18472121                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16484303                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1468207                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12246022                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12037988                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108664                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44226                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195026165                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            104891202                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18472121                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     13146652                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23376532                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       4825725                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      3009707                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11797393                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1441302                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    224761645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      201385113     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        3559949      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1798243      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3519406      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1131782      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3258472      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         515486      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         838228      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        8754966      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    224761645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075858                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.430746                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      192620208                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5459959                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23331056                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        18476                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3331942                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1753702                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        17301                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    117350751                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        32768                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3331942                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      192888036                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       3320866                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1316586                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23082981                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       821230                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    117181687                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        91308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       660211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    153583017                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    531080788                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    531080788                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    124524930                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       29058084                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        15746                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7971                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1771501                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     21102035                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      3440003                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21005                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       783984                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        116569014                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15803                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       109152957                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71247                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21049573                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43064038                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224761645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176872646     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15139885      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15972937      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9299887      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4789433      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1201215      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1424194      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33018      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28430      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224761645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183306     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75073     23.45%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61822     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85608792     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856157      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7776      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19269628     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3410604      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    109152957                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.448247                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320201                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443459007                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137634672                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106388287                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    109473158                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86386                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4287954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          118                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          288                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85720                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3331942                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2253920                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       100914                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116584897                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21102035                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3440003                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7969                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39248                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2345                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          288                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       990440                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       567436                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1557876                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107769332                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18995669                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1383625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           22406109                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16382596                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          3410440                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.442565                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            106412973                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           106388287                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        64356128                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       140251008                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.436894                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.458864                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84716513                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     95389492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21200338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15682                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1458959                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221429703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185911025     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13958295      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8964652      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2821193      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4681555      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914119      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       579413      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530587      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3068864      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221429703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     84716513                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     95389492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             20168362                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            16814079                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              7824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         14634972                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        83365869                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1194078                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3068864                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          334950357                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         236514230                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4333306                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              18749066                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          84716513                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            95389492                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     84716513                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.874418                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.874418                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.347896                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.347896                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      500907025                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     138627248                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     124609489                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        15668                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              243510711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20043806                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16398966                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1956744                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8204954                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7879865                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2071194                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88898                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193014217                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            112124270                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20043806                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9951059                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23393472                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5346486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      4676465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11807638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1958765                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    224448423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      201054951     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1087249      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1727182      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2345977      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2411391      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2041908      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1146833      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1702022      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10930910      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    224448423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460449                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      191048784                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      6658512                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23351803                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        25427                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3363896                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3300785                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    137573472                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1993                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3363896                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      191569443                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1364739                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      4093262                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        22863313                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1193767                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    137529085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       163026                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       520248                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    191912011                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    639806320                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    639806320                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    166396772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       25515231                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        34076                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17719                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         3570857                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12860926                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6978728                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1720482                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        137375346                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34196                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       130466799                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17890                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15175327                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36334290                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1204                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224448423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169199407     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22759209     10.14%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11504798      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8659776      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6811094      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2756134      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1733537      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       903346      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121122      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224448423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24940     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79429     36.67%     48.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112263     51.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109726788     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1949649      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16355      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11817521      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6956486      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    130466799                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.535774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216632                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485616543                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152585407                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128513899                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    130683431                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       266572                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2051013                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          541                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101739                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3363896                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1092402                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117125                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137409691                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12860926                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6978728                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17720                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99050                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          541                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1138159                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1101074                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2239233                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128668691                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11119298                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1798108                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 149                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18075519                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18282423                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6956221                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.528390                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            128514139                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           128513899                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        73764144                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       198769549                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527755                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     96998408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    119355600                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18054105                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32992                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1981479                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221084527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172086784     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24305007     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9162065      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4368957      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3707992      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114477      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1831793      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       835135      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2672317      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221084527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     96998408                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    119355600                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17686899                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10809910                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16458                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17211167                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       107538058                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2457795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2672317                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          355821239                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         278183375                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2923500                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              19062288                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          96998408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           119355600                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     96998408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.510461                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.510461                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398333                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398333                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      579105564                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     179012197                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     127546903                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        32964                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              243510711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19700437                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16111258                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1922290                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8363533                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7797527                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2029472                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85925                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191305341                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            111728876                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19700437                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9826999                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            23431888                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5556344                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3388618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11760268                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1937171                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    221717858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      198285970     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1271870      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2010156      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3188393      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1332038      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1498072      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1575497      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1030341      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11525521      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    221717858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.080902                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.458825                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      189557235                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5150908                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        23358910                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        59277                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3591526                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3229863                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          461                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    136460182                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2981                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3591526                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      189836901                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1668905                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2659641                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23144017                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       816866                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    136382069                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        26725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       235439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       302715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        44295                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    189332366                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    634444976                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    634444976                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    161904823                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       27427533                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        34718                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19061                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2447466                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13006715                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6987075                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211879                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1585880                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        136192832                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34810                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       129011170                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158046                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17111782                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37884348                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3237                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221717858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167308165     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21840875      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11950133      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8132591      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7610202      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2200309      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1696696      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581369      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       397518      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221717858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30031     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93282     38.73%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117570     48.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108075966     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2036705      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15654      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11928615      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6954230      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    129011170                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.529797                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240883                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480139126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153340821                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126948968                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    129252053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       392255                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2320801                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          345                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1428                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       193944                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8036                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3591526                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1105038                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116386                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136227780                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50967                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13006715                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6987075                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19039                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        85945                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1428                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1126348                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1093349                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2219697                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127187018                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11222104                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1824151                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18174782                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17898008                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6952678                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522306                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            126949899                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           126948968                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        74227739                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       193918095                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521328                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382779                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95102225                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    116571223                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19656749                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1962940                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218126332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170803305     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22914372     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8924999      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4807959      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3603311      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2008893      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1237505      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1107667      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2718321      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218126332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     95102225                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    116571223                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             17479045                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10685914                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             15752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16733282                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       105039419                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2368138                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2718321                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          351635346                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         276047658                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3085239                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              21792853                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          95102225                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           116571223                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     95102225                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.560515                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.560515                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390546                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390546                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      573584351                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     175974277                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     127275684                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        31544                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              243510711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18473336                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16485759                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1466944                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12203547                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12038153                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108192                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44220                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195023854                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            104902169                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18473336                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13146345                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23377046                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4821295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3004900                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11795774                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1439958                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    224751877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      201374831     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3561482      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1797758      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3519111      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1129617      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3257793      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         514507      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         838966      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        8757812      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    224751877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075863                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430791                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      192598030                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5475199                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23330992                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        18876                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3328776                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1753806                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        17304                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    117358651                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        32787                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3328776                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      192868073                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3335633                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1310771                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23081897                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       826723                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    117188937                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        91852                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       665110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    153583200                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    531109013                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    531109013                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    124555325                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       29027859                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        15729                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7953                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1782249                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     21108804                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3439035                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21177                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       784651                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        116578220                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15784                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       109167424                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70496                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21035323                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43032157                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          104                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224751877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176856551     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15142602      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15973011      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9303100      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4789251      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1201338      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1424633      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33120      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28271      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224751877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183077     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75033     23.46%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61757     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85618046     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856269      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7776      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19275191     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3410142      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    109167424                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.448306                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319867                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443477088                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137629610                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106404469                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    109487291                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86293                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4288461                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          291                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        84407                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3328776                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2258030                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       101409                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116594081                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4976                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21108804                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3439035                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7952                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39182                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2375                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          291                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       988205                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       568049                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1556254                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107784554                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19001430                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1382870                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           22411413                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16385726                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3409983                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.442628                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            106428672                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           106404469                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        64372679                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       140274672                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.436960                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458905                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84740211                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     95414319                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21184731                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15680                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1457690                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221423101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185895772     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13959904      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8966364      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2824373      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4682633      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914590      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       579822      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530990      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3068653      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221423101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     84740211                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     95414319                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             20174967                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            16820339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         14638993                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        83386964                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1194212                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3068653                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          334953186                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         236529504                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4332121                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              18758834                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          84740211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            95414319                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     84740211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.873615                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.873615                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.347994                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.347994                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      500988174                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     138640819                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     124626429                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        15664                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              243510711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       22051172                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18358433                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1998860                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8467817                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8076804                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2372275                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92786                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191739616                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            120933238                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          22051172                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10449079                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            25214921                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5568138                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      6664770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11903684                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1910048                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    227170400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      201955479     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1547691      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1950845      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3092203      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1308526      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1684645      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1946728      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         893472      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       12790811      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    227170400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090555                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.496624                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      190608358                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      7905295                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        25094138                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        12062                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3550545                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3357920                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          548                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    147839813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2597                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3550545                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      190802635                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        621760                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      6741507                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24911827                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       542122                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    146922927                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        78106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       378487                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    205177531                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    683250552                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    683250552                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    171799676                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       33377855                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        35614                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18575                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1906219                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     13765547                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7197797                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80666                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1635328                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        143441386                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35745                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       137655528                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127998                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17321995                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35237811                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1374                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227170400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168840739     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26596883     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10886930      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6095706      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8261010      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2539187      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2497860      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346148      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105937      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227170400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938052     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129580     10.89%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122736     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115966276     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1881970      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17038      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12614337      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7175907      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    137655528                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.565296                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190368                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503799822                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160799806                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134073909                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    138845896                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102242                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2599241                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          682                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102043                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           24                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3550545                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        473359                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59461                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143477137                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13765547                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7197797                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18576                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51784                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          682                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1179858                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1127115                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2306973                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135257932                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12409973                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2397596                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           19585191                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       19132466                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7175218                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.555450                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            134074365                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           134073909                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        80347135                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       215808800                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.550587                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372307                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99949471                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    123161105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20316599                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34371                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2015999                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223619855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171495677     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26416571     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9587742      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4780139      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4372022      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1833418      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817455      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865923      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2450908      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223619855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     99949471                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    123161105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             18262060                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11166306                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             17146                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17851916                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       110885098                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2543256                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2450908                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          364645949                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         290505977                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2904677                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              16340311                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          99949471                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           123161105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     99949471                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.436338                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.436338                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.410452                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.410452                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      608597384                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     187345095                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     136724294                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        34342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              243510711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18914166                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17067030                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       990336                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7142195                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6762323                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046936                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43901                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200517239                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            118981532                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18914166                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      7809259                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23528634                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       3109874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      4928063                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11508356                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       994749                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    231068770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      207540136     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         839362      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1716478      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         725015      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        3912393      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3480612      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         674529      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1409505      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10770740      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    231068770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077673                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.488609                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      199376290                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6081430                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23442147                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        74565                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      2094333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1660031                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          501                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    139513116                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2761                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      2094333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      199581163                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       4406513                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1036922                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23326689                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       623145                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    139438413                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       265928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       226098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3236                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    163697758                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    656777064                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    656777064                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    145289074                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       18408678                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        16643                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8628                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1574585                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     32906826                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     16648501                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151814                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       806704                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        139168746                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16694                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       133841215                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69664                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10681185                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25572984                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          540                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231068770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183531645     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14223604      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11681948      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5048483      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6406311      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6203160      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3522079      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277572      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173968      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231068770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338992     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2640528     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76560      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83951415     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1169316      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8014      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32101025     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16611445     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    133841215                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.549632                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3056080                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501876944                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149870029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132700475                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    136897295                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240872                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1257244                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          542                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3411                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100144                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11848                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      2094333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       4051880                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       178005                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139185523                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32906826                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16648501                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8629                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       121221                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           85                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3411                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       577290                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584329                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1161619                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132906477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31992734                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       934738                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           48602831                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17413622                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         16610097                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.545793                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            132704810                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           132700475                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        71660274                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       141159800                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.544947                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507654                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107842253                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    126732150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12467261                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1012063                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228974437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183035513     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16752058      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7861714      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7779208      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2113246      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9050257      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676307      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492143      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1213991      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228974437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    107842253                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    126732150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             48197931                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            31649579                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8064                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16735649                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       112695163                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1227452                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1213991                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          366959532                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         280493385                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4396787                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              12441941                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         107842253                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           126732150                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    107842253                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.258027                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.258027                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.442865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.442865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      657077552                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     154089302                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     166158091                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              243510711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19702538                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16111673                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1922580                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8349479                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7793899                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030143                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85738                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191335451                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            111744242                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19702538                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9824042                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23432575                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5558575                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3380838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11761532                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1937611                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    221742774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      198310199     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1271892      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2010282      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3188292      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1329931      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1498428      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1573418      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1030728      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11529604      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    221742774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.080910                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.458888                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      189589389                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5141018                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23359401                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        59536                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3593428                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3231420                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          458                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    136477239                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3593428                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      189869939                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1661950                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      2654090                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23144211                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       819154                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    136398796                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        27855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       235690                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       303820                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        44215                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    189366590                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    634518961                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    634518961                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    161916610                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       27449969                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        34808                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2453846                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13007933                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6987734                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211759                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1587448                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        136209319                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34907                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       129033346                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158556                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17112891                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37872767                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3329                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221742774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167323729     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21841107      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11955737      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8137817      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7608220      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2199576      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1697927      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       580296      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398365      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221742774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30027     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93158     38.69%     51.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117579     48.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108092721     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2037048      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15655      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11933455      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6954467      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    129033346                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.529888                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240764                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480208786                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153358531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126965264                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    129274110                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       392224                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2321245                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          350                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1438                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       194116                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8036                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3593428                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1103830                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       115717                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136244358                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49606                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13007933                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6987734                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19137                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        85349                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1438                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1125563                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1093996                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2219559                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127204246                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11224168                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1829100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18177053                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17901379                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6952885                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522376                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            126966293                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           126965264                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        74240376                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       193929205                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521395                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382822                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95109169                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    116579650                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19664917                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1963275                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218149346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170821433     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22918483     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8926018      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4806352      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3603015      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2009982      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1238148      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1108103      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2717812      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218149346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     95109169                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    116579650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17480304                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10686686                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15754                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16734461                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       105047033                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2368305                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2717812                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          351675464                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         276082763                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3085627                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              21767937                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          95109169                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           116579650                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     95109169                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.560328                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.560328                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390575                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390575                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      573659944                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     176003328                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     127292337                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        31550                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              243510711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19707626                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16117196                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1924961                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8353682                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7796452                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2029177                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85621                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191361436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            111767601                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19707626                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9825629                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23439038                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5567255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3367331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11765719                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1939964                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    221767951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      198328913     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1273620      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2010890      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3188778      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1331527      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1497758      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1572883      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1030609      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11532973      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    221767951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.080931                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.458984                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      189615082                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5127569                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23366197                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        59445                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3599656                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3231042                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          465                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    136509274                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         3019                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3599656                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      189896247                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1659620                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2645966                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23150261                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       816199                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    136429718                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        28101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       234523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       304144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41645                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    189404924                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    634660510                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    634660510                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    161902183                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       27502731                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        34776                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19121                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2454242                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13014408                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6988094                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211661                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1587213                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        136239235                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34879                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       129045965                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158880                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17156784                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37957961                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3306                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221767951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167345943     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21841763      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11955804      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8136455      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7611752      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2199088      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1698091      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       580205      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398850      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221767951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30114     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93374     38.73%     51.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117586     48.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108105666     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2036668      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15654      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11933291      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6954686      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    129045965                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.529940                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            241074                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480259835                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153432301                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126974726                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    129287039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       391459                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2328655                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          353                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1431                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195053                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8051                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3599656                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1098610                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       115275                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136274250                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53109                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13014408                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6988094                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        84901                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1431                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1126343                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1096670                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2223013                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127213774                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11222912                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1832191                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18175944                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17901798                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6953032                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.522416                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            126975715                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           126974726                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        74244924                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       193961572                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521434                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382782                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95100700                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    116569349                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19705103                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1965718                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218168295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170842478     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22917802     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8925813      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4806078      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3603183      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2009066      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1239892      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1107591      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2716392      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218168295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     95100700                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    116569349                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             17478787                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10685751                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             15752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         16733012                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       105037738                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2368102                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2716392                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          351725718                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         276148772                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3088356                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              21742760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          95100700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           116569349                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     95100700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.560556                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.560556                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390540                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390540                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      573698787                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     176018615                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     127314685                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        31544                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              243510711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18911086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17064447                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       992269                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7268480                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6765589                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046925                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43904                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200560318                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            118964587                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18911086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      7812514                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23527933                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       3111995                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      4903228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11511893                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       996780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    231086406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      207558473     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         840171      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1716216      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         725403      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        3912702      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3481113      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         675304      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1409386      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10767638      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    231086406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077660                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.488539                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      199420552                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      6055308                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23441436                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        74685                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2094420                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1659371                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    139497706                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2788                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2094420                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      199624624                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       4381354                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1035284                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23326769                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       623950                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    139422542                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       265887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       225750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5085                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    163685275                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    656711540                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    656711540                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    145283905                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       18401358                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        16640                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8624                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1570929                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     32907592                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     16647857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151024                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       806000                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        139153765                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16691                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       133844155                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10662820                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25492756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          537                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231086406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183538408     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14233643      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11686689      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5048213      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6403609      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6202547      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3521794      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277464      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174039      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231086406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338931     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2640407     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76531      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83955020     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1168959      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8014      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32101753     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16610409     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    133844155                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.549644                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3055869                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501900528                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149836683                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132702213                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    136900024                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240303                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1260253                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          533                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3415                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100625                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11848                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2094420                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       4027864                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       176974                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139170542                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1375                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32907592                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16647857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8626                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120289                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           98                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3415                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       579509                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583835                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1163344                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132908142                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31992270                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       936013                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           48601263                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17413026                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         16608993                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.545800                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            132706487                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           132702213                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        71663494                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       141164031                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.544954                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507661                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107837312                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    126726534                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12457473                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1014083                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228991986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183052233     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16753377      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7864600      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7776601      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2114070      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9049012      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       675674      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492582      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1213837      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228991986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    107837312                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    126726534                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             48194564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            31647332                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8064                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16734974                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       112690222                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1227452                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1213837                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          366961831                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         280462678                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4398792                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              12424305                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         107837312                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           126726534                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    107837312                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.258130                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.258130                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.442844                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.442844                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      657089911                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     154098675                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     166139620                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         410566                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.577618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2020971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         443318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           4.558739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           150.823830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.719044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   906.568123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.577833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1766.237605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.531236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  2283.379338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.579425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  2307.540172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.398537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1512.526918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.441290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  2295.815891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.261830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1787.362591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.392730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1443.159625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.755667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1119.751321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.398477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1750.204784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.375818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1447.012741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.620879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   894.876936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.776934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2324.793590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.459686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1794.248877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.447380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1750.057366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.715600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2305.851581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           268.830090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           377.122389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           356.333285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           343.235275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           292.732837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           334.555716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           313.411130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           265.654982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           235.249128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           325.262704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           272.235333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           227.209498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           290.119542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           315.459287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           353.663161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           309.839608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.004603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.027666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.053901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.069683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.070421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.046159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.070063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.054546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.044042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.034172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.053412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.044159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.027309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.070947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.054756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.053408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.070369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.008204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.011509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.010475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.008933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.010210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.009565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.008107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.007179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.008308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.006934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.008854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.009627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.010793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.009456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        46079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        45980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        32966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        45630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        39155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        32658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        24496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        39256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        32609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        44967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        39370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        39563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        45306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  596011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           162184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                162184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          125                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1785                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        46146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        46051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        45703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        39281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        32724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        24642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        39382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        32675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        45032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        39495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        39687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        45359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   597796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24435                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40280                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        46146                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        46051                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        45703                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        39281                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        32724                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        24642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        39382                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        32675                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23774                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        45032                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        39495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        39687                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        45359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  597796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        15059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                410366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           22                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  77                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        15059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 410443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10952                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29004                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32158                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        15059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29824                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11625                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33274                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29824                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29588                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                410443                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6093479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1794368109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5773195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4752331165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5843040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5226399226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6038376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5231888464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5486788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3339765761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5629965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5302224721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5809695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4897847584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5129816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3291241021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6455658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2453120002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5686413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4873559051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5230837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3290443911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6112322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1903292816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6342587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5406672979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5838606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4875898772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5718860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4837940026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6470584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5333932481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66904586310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       360153                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1215651                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       573210                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1735655                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       470580                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       493870                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       320496                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       336380                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       316287                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1579179                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       531124                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       885754                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3560568                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      12378907                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6093479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1794368109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5773195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4752691318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5843040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5227614877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6038376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5232461674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5486788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3341501416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5629965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5302695301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5809695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4898341454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5129816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3291561517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6455658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2453120002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5686413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4873895431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5230837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3290760198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6112322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1903292816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6342587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5408252158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5838606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4876429896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5718860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4838825780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6470584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5337493049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      66916965217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6093479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1794368109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5773195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4752691318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5843040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5227614877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6038376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5232461674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5486788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3341501416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5629965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5302695301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5809695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4898341454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5129816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3291561517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6455658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2453120002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5686413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4873895431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5230837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3290760198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6112322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1903292816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6342587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5408252158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5838606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4876429896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5718860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4838825780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6470584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5337493049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     66916965217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        78229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        78142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        78234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        52956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        39555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        69078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        52915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        35199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        69146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        78111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1006377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       162184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            162184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1862                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        78304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        78217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        78310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        53024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        39701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        69206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        52983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        35399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        69275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        78186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1008239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        78304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        78217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        78310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        53024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        39701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        69206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        52983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        35399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        69275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        78186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1008239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.419377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.410973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.381594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.416750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.433448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.380710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.431715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.383748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.330265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.425202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.430995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.427834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.419979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.407766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015504                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.106667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.053333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.070513                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.039474                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.023256                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.029412                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015625                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.029412                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.133333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.023438                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.038760                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.041353                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.309492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.418625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.410681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.416384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.432683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.382846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.379310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.430945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.383293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.328399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.424923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.430243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.427109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.419858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.407089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.309492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.418625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.410681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.416384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.432683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.382846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.379310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.430945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.383293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.328399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.424923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.430243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.427109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.419858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.407089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152336.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163839.308711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151926.184211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163862.187608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149821.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162562.961928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154830.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162672.982526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152410.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164180.796431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148156.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162624.976107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152886.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163501.388169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150876.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162146.074539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153706.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162900.591142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149642.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163421.603212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153848.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162042.938590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152808.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163724.113204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154697.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162538.268969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153647.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163505.542135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150496.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163537.843559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154061.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162595.106874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163036.378038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 180076.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151956.375000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 143302.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 157786.818182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       156860                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164623.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       160248                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       168190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 158143.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 157917.900000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 177041.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 177150.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       161844                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160765.025974                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152336.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163839.308711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151926.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163863.305682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149821.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162560.323310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154830.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162670.573711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152410.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164177.340736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148156.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162624.445702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152886.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163501.500517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150876.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162145.887537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153706.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162900.591142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149642.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163421.922981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153848.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162042.554560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152808.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163724.113204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154697.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162536.880387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153647.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163506.903702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150496.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163540.143977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154061.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162594.603497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163035.951928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152336.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163839.308711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151926.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163863.305682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149821.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162560.323310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154830.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162670.573711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152410.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164177.340736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148156.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162624.445702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152886.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163501.500517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150876.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162145.887537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153706.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162900.591142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149642.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163421.922981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153848.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162042.554560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152808.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163724.113204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154697.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162536.880387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153647.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163506.903702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150496.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163540.143977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154061.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162594.603497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163035.951928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                81491                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     81491                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        15059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           410366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           22                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             77                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        15059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            410443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        15059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           410443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3764865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1156754986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3560233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3063724946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3571928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3355273623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3771470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3360248952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3392006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2155215394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3421144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3404824178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3596276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3153733256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3150526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2109123525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4011356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1576320841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3477619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3137357055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3251119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2107852216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3785138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1226435260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3959522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3471005361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3625947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3139701233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3510733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3115661106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4024918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3424993728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43016100460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       243610                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       750152                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       339912                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1094343                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       296505                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       318761                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       204256                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       219841                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       198914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       998369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       356241                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       594575                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2281562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7897041                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3764865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1156754986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3560233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3063968556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3571928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3356023775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3771470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3360588864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3392006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2156309737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3421144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3405120683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3596276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3154052017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3150526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2109327781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4011356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1576320841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3477619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3137576896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3251119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2108051130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3785138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1226435260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3959522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3472003730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3625947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3140057474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3510733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3116255681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4024918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3427275290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43023997501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3764865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1156754986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3560233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3063968556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3571928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3356023775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3771470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3360588864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3392006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2156309737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3421144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3405120683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3596276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3154052017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3150526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2109327781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4011356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1576320841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3477619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3137576896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3251119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2108051130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3785138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1226435260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3959522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3472003730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3625947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3140057474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3510733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3116255681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4024918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3427275290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43023997501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.419377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.410973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.381594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.416750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.433448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.380710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.431715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.383748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.330265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.425202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.430995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.427834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.419979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.407766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.106667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.053333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.070513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.039474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.023256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.029412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.029412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.133333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.023438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.038760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.309492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.418625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.410681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.416384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.432683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.382846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.379310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.430945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.383293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.328399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.424923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.430243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.427109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.419858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.407089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.309492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.418625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.410681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.416384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.432683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.382846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.379310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.430945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.383293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.328399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.424923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.430243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.427109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.419858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.407089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94121.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105620.433346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93690.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105638.402386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 91587.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104363.098694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96704.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104478.855544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94222.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105949.041097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90030.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104429.645994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94638.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105278.850848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92662.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103907.947827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95508.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104676.329172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91516.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105202.771612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95621.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103804.403428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94628.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105499.807312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 96573.707317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104347.203012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95419.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105284.907716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92387.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105319.308589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95831.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104404.625149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104823.743829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       121805                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        93769                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        84978                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99485.727273                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        98835                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106253.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       102128                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109920.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        99457                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99836.900000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       118747                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       118915                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103707.363636                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102558.974026                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94121.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105620.433346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93690.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105639.517170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 91587.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104360.463182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96704.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104476.430517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94222.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105945.547929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90030.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104429.131260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94638.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105278.948463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92662.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103907.772463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95508.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104676.329172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91516.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105203.087983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95621.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103803.975281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94628.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105499.807312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 96573.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104345.847509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95419.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105286.261870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92387.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105321.606090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95831.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104404.157858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104823.318953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94121.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105620.433346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93690.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105639.517170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 91587.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104360.463182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96704.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104476.430517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94222.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105945.547929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90030.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104429.131260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94638.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105278.948463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92662.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103907.772463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95508.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104676.329172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91516.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105203.087983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95621.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103803.975281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94628.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105499.807312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 96573.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104345.847509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95419.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105286.261870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92387.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105321.606090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95831.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104404.157858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104823.318953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              496.256127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011920581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2036057.507042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.256127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.066116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11912481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11912481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11912481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8678505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8678505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8678505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8678505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8678505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8678505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11912536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11912536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11912536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       157791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       157791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       157791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       157791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       157791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       157791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6826877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6826877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6826877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6826877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6826877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6826877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162544.690476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162544.690476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162544.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162544.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162544.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162544.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35387                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163369317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4583.489521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.484494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.515506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9504885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9504885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18320                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18320                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16567421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16567421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16567421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16567421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        92735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        92735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9886131910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9886131910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    139557643                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139557643                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  10025689553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10025689553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  10025689553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10025689553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9595537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9595537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18320                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18320                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16660156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16660156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16660156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16660156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109055.860985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109055.860985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66998.388382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66998.388382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108111.172190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108111.172190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108111.172190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108111.172190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       139759                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 27951.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3535979063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3535979063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15764147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15764147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3551743210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3551743210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3551743210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3551743210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100505.345432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100505.345432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 76898.278049                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76898.278049                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100368.587617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100368.587617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100368.587617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100368.587617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              527.579575                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1014436134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1917648.646503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.579575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.060224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11768453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11768453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11768453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11768453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11768453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11768453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7815356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7815356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7815356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7815356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7815356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7815356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11768502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11768502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11768502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11768502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11768502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11768502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159497.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159497.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159497.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159497.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159497.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159497.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6345301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6345301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6345301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6345301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6345301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6345301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162700.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162700.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162700.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162700.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162700.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162700.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                69284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              180349649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                69540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2593.466336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.133028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.866972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8165500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8165500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6764066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6764066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14929566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       14929566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14929566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      14929566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       176151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       176933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       176933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       176933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       176933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21868799721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21868799721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     68872159                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68872159                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21937671880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21937671880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21937671880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21937671880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8341651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8341651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6764848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6764848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15106499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15106499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15106499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15106499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124148.030502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124148.030502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 88071.814578                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88071.814578                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123988.582571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123988.582571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123988.582571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123988.582571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       106996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        69155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        69284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        69284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7777555328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7777555328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8813884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8813884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7786369212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7786369212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7786369212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7786369212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112465.553149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112465.553149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 68324.682171                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68324.682171                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112383.367184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112383.367184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112383.367184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112383.367184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              579.124916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1039232444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1782559.938250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    37.813410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.311505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.060598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11517123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11517123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11517123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11517123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11517123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11517123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8180084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8180084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8180084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8180084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8180084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8180084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11517173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11517173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11517173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11517173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11517173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11517173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163601.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163601.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163601.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163601.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163601.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163601.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6590614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6590614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6590614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6590614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6590614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6590614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164765.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164765.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164765.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164765.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164765.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164765.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                78304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              447504783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                78560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5696.343979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.906909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.093091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     30209950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30209950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16543041                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16543041                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8531                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8531                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8071                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8071                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     46752991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       46752991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     46752991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      46752991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       277909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       277909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          242                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          242                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       278151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       278151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       278151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       278151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  33877371378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33877371378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23576554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23576554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  33900947932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33900947932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  33900947932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33900947932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     30487859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30487859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16543283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16543283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8531                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8531                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8071                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8071                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     47031142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47031142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     47031142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47031142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121900.950952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121900.950952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97423.776860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97423.776860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121879.655051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121879.655051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121879.655051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121879.655051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           14411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       199680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       199847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       199847                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199847                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        78229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        78304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        78304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8808903637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8808903637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5978731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5978731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8814882368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8814882368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8814882368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8814882368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112604.068018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112604.068018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 79716.413333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79716.413333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112572.568043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112572.568043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112572.568043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112572.568043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              579.197121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1039235402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1782565.012007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.124715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.072406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11520081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11520081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11520081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11520081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11520081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11520081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8315213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8315213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8315213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8315213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8315213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8315213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11520129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11520129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11520129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11520129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11520129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11520129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 173233.604167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173233.604167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 173233.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173233.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 173233.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173233.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6879359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6879359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6879359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6879359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6879359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6879359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171983.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171983.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171983.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171983.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171983.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171983.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                78217                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              447457898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                78473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5702.061830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.908344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.091656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     30181562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30181562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16524468                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16524468                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8615                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8615                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8063                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8063                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     46706030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       46706030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     46706030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      46706030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       276945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       276945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          246                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          246                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       277191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       277191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       277191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       277191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33826541648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33826541648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     22187413                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22187413                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33848729061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33848729061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33848729061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33848729061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     30458507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30458507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16524714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16524714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8615                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8615                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8063                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8063                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     46983221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46983221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     46983221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46983221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122141.730842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122141.730842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90192.735772                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90192.735772                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122113.376917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122113.376917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122113.376917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122113.376917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           13962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       198803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       198803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       198974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       198974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       198974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       198974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        78142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        78217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        78217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8813839267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8813839267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5541778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5541778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8819381045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8819381045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8819381045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8819381045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112792.598948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112792.598948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 73890.373333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73890.373333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112755.296739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112755.296739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112755.296739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112755.296739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.145536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1009843405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1945748.371869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.145536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.057926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11623660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11623660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11623660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11623660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11623660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11623660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7088832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7088832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7088832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7088832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7088832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7088832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11623704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11623704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11623704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11623704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11623704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11623704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161109.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161109.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161109.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161109.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161109.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161109.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6166303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6166303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6166303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6166303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6166303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6166303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166656.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166656.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166656.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166656.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166656.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166656.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                53464                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              171677919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                53720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3195.791493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.591698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.408302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8199894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8199894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6938416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6938416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17263                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17263                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15968                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15968                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15138310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15138310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15138310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15138310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       183560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3725                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3725                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       187285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       187285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       187285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       187285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  24399257005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24399257005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    476229615                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    476229615                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  24875486620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24875486620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  24875486620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24875486620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8383454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8383454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6942141                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6942141                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17263                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17263                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15968                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15968                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15325595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15325595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15325595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15325595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 132922.515826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132922.515826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 127846.876510                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127846.876510                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 132821.564033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132821.564033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 132821.564033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132821.564033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17361                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           17361                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       130252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3569                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3569                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       133821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       133821                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133821                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5787773204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5787773204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11700989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11700989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5799474193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5799474193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5799474193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5799474193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108572.319427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108572.319427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 75006.339744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75006.339744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108474.378890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108474.378890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108474.378890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108474.378890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              579.362703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1039229556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1785617.793814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    37.326537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   542.036166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.059818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.868648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11514235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11514235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11514235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11514235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11514235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11514235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8237018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8237018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8237018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8237018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8237018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8237018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11514285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11514285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11514285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11514285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11514285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11514285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164740.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164740.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164740.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164740.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164740.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164740.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6625008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6625008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6625008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6625008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6625008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6625008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       169872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       169872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       169872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       169872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       169872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       169872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                78310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              447497869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                78566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              5695.820953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.908947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.091053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.437144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.562856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     30205686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30205686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16540842                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16540842                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8081                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8081                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     46746528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       46746528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     46746528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      46746528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       277863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       277863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       278117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       278117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       278117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       278117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  33992587571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33992587571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     22133645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22133645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  34014721216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34014721216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  34014721216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34014721216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     30483549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30483549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16541096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16541096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8081                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8081                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     47024645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47024645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     47024645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47024645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122335.782637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122335.782637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87140.334646                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87140.334646                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122303.639173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122303.639173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122303.639173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122303.639173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           13617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       199629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       199807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       199807                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199807                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        78234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        78310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        78310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8858310034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8858310034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5509534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5509534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8863819568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8863819568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8863819568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8863819568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113228.392182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113228.392182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 72493.868421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72493.868421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113188.859252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113188.859252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113188.859252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113188.859252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              527.862626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1014426750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1917630.907372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.862626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11759069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11759069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11759069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11759069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11759069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11759069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8844465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8844465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8844465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8844465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8844465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8844465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11759121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11759121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11759121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11759121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11759121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11759121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170085.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170085.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170085.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170085.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170085.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170085.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6899792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6899792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6899792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6899792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6899792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6899792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176917.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176917.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176917.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176917.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176917.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176917.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                69240                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              180334927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                69496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2594.896498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.147748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.852252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8157423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8157423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6757468                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6757468                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18862                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18862                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14914891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14914891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14914891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14914891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       176149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          777                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          777                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       176926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       176926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       176926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       176926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22091659091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22091659091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     68480704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68480704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22160139795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22160139795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22160139795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22160139795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8333572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8333572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6758245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6758245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18862                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18862                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        15766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15091817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15091817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15091817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15091817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 125414.615416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125414.615416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 88134.754183                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88134.754183                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 125250.894696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125250.894696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 125250.894696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125250.894696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       107038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       107038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       107686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       107686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7859863539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7859863539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8863822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8863822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7868727361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7868727361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7868727361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7868727361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113728.111864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113728.111864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 68711.798450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68711.798450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113644.242649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113644.242649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113644.242649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113644.242649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              558.695851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              928524793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1652179.346975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    33.576601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.119250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.053809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11797348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11797348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11797348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11797348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11797348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11797348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6889259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6889259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6889259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6889259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6889259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6889259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11797393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11797393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11797393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11797393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11797393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11797393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153094.644444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153094.644444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153094.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153094.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153094.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153094.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5545463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5545463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5545463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5545463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5545463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5545463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158441.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158441.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158441.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158441.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158441.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158441.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                53024                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              223377466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                53280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4192.520008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   202.570836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    53.429164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.791292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.208708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17345267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17345267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3338121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3338121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20683388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       20683388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20683388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      20683388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       185543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       185868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       185868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       185868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       185868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21627129058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21627129058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     28307368                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28307368                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21655436426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21655436426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21655436426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21655436426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17530810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17530810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3338446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3338446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20869256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20869256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20869256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20869256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 116561.277213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116561.277213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87099.593846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87099.593846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 116509.761906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116509.761906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 116509.761906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116509.761906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            5671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       132587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       132844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       132844                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132844                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        52956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        53024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        53024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5712434440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5712434440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4764036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4764036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5717198476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5717198476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5717198476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5717198476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107871.335448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107871.335448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70059.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70059.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107822.843920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107822.843920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107822.843920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107822.843920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.023868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1008720054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1943583.919075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    43.023868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.068949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11807583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11807583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11807583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11807583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11807583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11807583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8736524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8736524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8736524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8736524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8736524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8736524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11807638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11807638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11807638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11807638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11807638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11807638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158845.890909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158845.890909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158845.890909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158845.890909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158845.890909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158845.890909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7104005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7104005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7104005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7104005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7104005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7104005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161454.659091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161454.659091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161454.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161454.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161454.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161454.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                39701                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              165633104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                39957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4145.283780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.550061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.449939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8128966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8128966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6844465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6844465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16482                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16482                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14973431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       14973431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14973431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      14973431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       127199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          853                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          853                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       128052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       128052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       128052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       128052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16094990825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16094990825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     73321685                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73321685                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16168312510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16168312510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16168312510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16168312510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8256165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8256165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6845318                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6845318                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17593                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17593                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15101483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15101483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15101483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15101483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126533.941501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126533.941501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 85957.426729                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85957.426729                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126263.646878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126263.646878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126263.646878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126263.646878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8355                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8355                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        87644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        88351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        88351                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88351                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        39555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        39701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        39701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4258670532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4258670532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9774611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9774611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4268445143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4268445143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4268445143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4268445143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107664.531210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107664.531210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66949.390411                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66949.390411                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107514.801718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107514.801718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107514.801718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107514.801718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              527.638774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1014427899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1917633.079395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.638774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11760218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11760218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11760218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11760218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11760218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11760218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8631582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8631582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8631582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8631582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8631582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8631582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11760268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11760268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11760268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11760268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11760268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11760268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172631.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172631.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172631.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172631.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172631.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172631.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6990699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6990699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6990699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6990699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6990699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6990699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179248.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179248.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179248.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179248.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179248.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179248.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                69206                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              180339480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                69462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2596.232185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.132045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.867955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8158939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8158939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6760493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6760493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14919432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       14919432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14919432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      14919432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       176011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          771                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          771                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       176782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       176782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       176782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       176782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22026726298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22026726298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     68591184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68591184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22095317482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22095317482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22095317482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22095317482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8334950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8334950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6761264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6761264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15096214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15096214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15096214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15096214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125144.032464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125144.032464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 88963.922179                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88963.922179                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124986.240013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124986.240013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124986.240013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124986.240013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       106933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       107576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       107576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        69078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        69206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        69206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7848300657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7848300657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8911811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8911811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7857212468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7857212468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7857212468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7857212468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113615.053374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113615.053374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 69623.523438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69623.523438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113533.688813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113533.688813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113533.688813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113533.688813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.021352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              928523177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1652176.471530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.902106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.119246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11795732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11795732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11795732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11795732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11795732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11795732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6562840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6562840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6562840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6562840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6562840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6562840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11795774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11795774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11795774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11795774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11795774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11795774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156258.095238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156258.095238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156258.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156258.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156258.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156258.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5707225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5707225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5707225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5707225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5707225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5707225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163063.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163063.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163063.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163063.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163063.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163063.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                52983                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              223383793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                53239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4195.867559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   202.284100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    53.715900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.790172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.209828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17351267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17351267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3338466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3338466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7881                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7881                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20689733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       20689733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20689733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      20689733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       185607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          327                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          327                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       185934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       185934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       185934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       185934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21626739310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21626739310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29762690                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29762690                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21656502000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21656502000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21656502000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21656502000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17536874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17536874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3338793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3338793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7881                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7881                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20875667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20875667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20875667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20875667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116518.985329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116518.985329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91017.400612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91017.400612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116474.135984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116474.135984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116474.135984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116474.135984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            5913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       132692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       132951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       132951                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132951                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        52915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        52983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        52983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5710522158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5710522158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4819501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4819501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5715341659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5715341659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5715341659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5715341659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107918.778380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107918.778380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 70875.014706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70875.014706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107871.235283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107871.235283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107871.235283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107871.235283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              496.292537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1011911728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2036039.694165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    41.292537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.066174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11903628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11903628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11903628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11903628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11903628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11903628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8701463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8701463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8701463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8701463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8701463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8701463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11903684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11903684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11903684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11903684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11903684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11903684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155383.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155383.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155383.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155383.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155383.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155383.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6715357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6715357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6715357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6715357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6715357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6715357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159889.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159889.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159889.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159889.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159889.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159889.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                35399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              163363298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                35655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4581.778096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.477635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.522365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9502300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9502300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7059133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7059133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18299                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18299                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16561433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       16561433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16561433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      16561433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        90845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1926                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1926                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        92771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        92771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        92771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        92771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10078307938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10078307938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    133119493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    133119493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10211427431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10211427431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10211427431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10211427431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      9593145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9593145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7061059                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7061059                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     16654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     16654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110939.599736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110939.599736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 69117.078401                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69117.078401                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110071.330815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110071.330815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110071.330815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110071.330815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       151494                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 15149.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7667                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            7667                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        55646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        57372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        57372                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57372                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        35199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        35399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        35399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3608447434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3608447434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     15510960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15510960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3623958394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3623958394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3623958394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3623958394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102515.623569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102515.623569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 77554.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77554.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102374.597983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102374.597983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102374.597983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102374.597983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              581.289414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1039223625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1776450.641026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    39.897716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.391697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.063939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11508304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11508304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11508304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11508304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11508304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11508304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9164761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9164761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9164761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9164761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9164761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9164761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11508356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11508356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11508356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11508356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11508356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11508356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176245.403846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176245.403846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176245.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176245.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176245.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176245.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7595681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7595681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7595681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7595681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7595681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7595681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 180849.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180849.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 180849.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180849.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 180849.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180849.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                78306                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              447473047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                78562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              5695.795003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.907762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.092238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     30189521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30189521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16531737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16531737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     46721258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       46721258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     46721258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      46721258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       277854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       277854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       278106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       278106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       278106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       278106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34118588330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34118588330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     24630181                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24630181                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34143218511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34143218511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34143218511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34143218511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     30467375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30467375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16531989                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16531989                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8534                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8534                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     46999364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46999364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     46999364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46999364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122793.223527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122793.223527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97738.813492                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97738.813492                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122770.520992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122770.520992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122770.520992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122770.520992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           12788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       199623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       199800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       199800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8935922984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8935922984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6233519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6233519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8942156503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8942156503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8942156503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8942156503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114224.833941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114224.833941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83113.586667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83113.586667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114195.036179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114195.036179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114195.036179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114195.036179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              527.270718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1014429167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1917635.476371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.270718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.059729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11761486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11761486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11761486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11761486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11761486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11761486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8258610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8258610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8258610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8258610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8258610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8258610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11761532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11761532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11761532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11761532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11761532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11761532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       179535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       179535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       179535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       179535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       179535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       179535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6854194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6854194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6854194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6854194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6854194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6854194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175748.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175748.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175748.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175748.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175748.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175748.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                69319                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              180341590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                69575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2592.045850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.118416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.881584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8160485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8160485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6760969                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6760969                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14921454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       14921454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14921454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      14921454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       176325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          778                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          778                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       177103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       177103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       177103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       177103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22043023690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22043023690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     71277267                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71277267                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22114300957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22114300957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22114300957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22114300957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8336810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8336810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6761747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6761747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15775                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15775                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15098557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15098557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15098557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15098557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125013.603800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125013.603800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91616.024422                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91616.024422                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124866.890775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124866.890775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124866.890775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124866.890775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       107134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       107134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       107784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       107784                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107784                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7855538173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7855538173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9237917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9237917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7864776090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7864776090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7864776090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7864776090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113534.103756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113534.103756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 72171.226562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72171.226562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113457.725732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113457.725732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113457.725732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113457.725732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              527.944619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1014433350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1917643.383743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.944619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.060809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11765669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11765669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11765669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11765669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11765669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11765669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8554756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8554756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8554756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8554756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8554756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8554756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11765719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11765719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11765719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11765719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11765719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11765719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171095.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171095.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171095.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171095.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171095.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171095.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6846252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6846252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6846252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6846252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6846252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6846252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175544.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175544.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175544.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175544.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175544.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175544.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                69275                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              180340898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                69531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2593.676173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.120757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.879243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8160400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8160400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6760383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6760383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18935                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18935                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14920783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       14920783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14920783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      14920783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       176129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       176915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       176915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       176915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       176915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21955567046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21955567046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     73585771                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73585771                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22029152817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22029152817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22029152817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22029152817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8336529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8336529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6761169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6761169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18935                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18935                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        15772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15097698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15097698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15097698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15097698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124656.172726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124656.172726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93620.573791                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93620.573791                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124518.287409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124518.287409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124518.287409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124518.287409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       106983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       107640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       107640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        69146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        69275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        69275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7826924048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7826924048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9489311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9489311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7836413359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7836413359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7836413359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7836413359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113194.169554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113194.169554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 73560.550388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73560.550388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113120.366063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113120.366063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113120.366063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113120.366063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              580.624535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1039227157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1773425.182594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.588418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   542.036117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.061840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.868648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11511836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11511836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11511836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11511836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11511836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11511836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9430662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9430662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9430662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9430662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9430662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9430662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11511893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11511893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11511893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11511893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11511893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11511893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165450.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165450.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165450.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165450.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165450.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165450.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7395475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7395475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7395475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7395475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7395475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7395475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171987.790698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171987.790698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171987.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171987.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171987.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171987.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                78186                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              447472795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                78442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5704.505176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.908176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.091824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     30190391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30190391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16530621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16530621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8528                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8528                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     46721012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       46721012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     46721012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      46721012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       277125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       277125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       277373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       277373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       277373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       277373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  33970055169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33970055169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28740395                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28740395                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  33998795564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33998795564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  33998795564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33998795564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     30467516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30467516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16530869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16530869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8528                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8528                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     46998385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46998385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     46998385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46998385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122580.262225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122580.262225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115888.689516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115888.689516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122574.279270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122574.279270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122574.279270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122574.279270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           12930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       199014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       199187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       199187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        78111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        78186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        78186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8879477539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8879477539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7632549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7632549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8887110088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8887110088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8887110088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8887110088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113677.683540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113677.683540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101767.320000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101767.320000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113666.258512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113666.258512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113666.258512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113666.258512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
